The Russian Flight Attendant
Good judgment can come from bad experiences; good experiences can come from
bad judgments. The key in all of this is to trust chance, and to steer it in such a way
that you’re always learning from it. (Rolf Potts, Vagabonding)
I hold a very special affinity for flight attendants. Not only are they one of the best
looking sub-niches of girls out there — they’re also a logistical challenge and a great
test of your seductive prowess. Also, nurturing people on a daily basis, they have
healthy maternal instincts and a gentle mothering side. They’ll fuck you, cook dinner
for you, and then massage you in the shower.
But... what happens when you mix all that with Made-In-Russia DNA? You should
cross your fingers for Mother Fortuna, because you can either get a complete
disaster, or a beautiful story of mischief.
This story happened on a flight from Tel Aviv to Cancun. It’s about fifteen hours if you
go direct, but I had a ten-hour stopover in Munich, Germany. Usually, whenever I
have such a big chunk of time in between flights, I’ll unpack my laptop in an airport
Starbucks and sit down to work on my business. Only this time, there was a more
delicious dish on the menu. There was... a potential high-octane story to add to
Reggie’s archives.
As I sit down in one of Munich’s airport cafes, two impressive, hot blondes enter the
place. They have those long, perfect Eastern European legs that make heads turn,
and the fresh vitality you can instantly recognize by the way one carries herself. Best
part? They choose to sit on a table right next to mine.
GAME ON.
But... these are not regular girls. They’re on the highest scale of beauty. They get hit
on every single day, and the worst thing I can do is shower them with attention and
dumb questions like most guys. So, after ten minutes of letting their conversation
8Destination Poon
cool off, I decide it’s time to unleash some Reggie magic.
“Let me ask you something, girls. Answer intuitively. Don’t think too much.”
The look of curiosity and intrigue on their faces is obvious. Seems like they’ve been
subconsciously waiting for me to talk to them. I guess that’s why they were sitting
right next to my table. Time for action, Reggie.
Vagina Status: BLOSSOMING.
I then show them an article on my laptop. It’s something I wrote in Hebrew about the
nature and science behind beauty, and I had been working on it at the coffee shop. I
ask them to rate each girl from the photos in the article and guess their personality
attributes. They lean in. They’re attracted to me. They’re about to be mine.
“This one has a good heart, you can see it in her eyes!”
“This girl is beautiful, but she is evil... she looks manipulative.”
“That girl hides something. There’s something mysterious about her...”
The girls are surprised to discover how similar their judgments are. They start
showering me with all kinds of questions about what exactly I do. Of course, none of
their questions matters as much as the fact that they’re being asked. When a girl
asks you questions, that’s one of the most reliable signs of poon petals flowering in a
vortex of attraction.
I end up talking — no, enthralling - them for about twenty minutes. They’re deeply
focused and attentive, like two nerds in an astronomy class. It feels as if they’re on a
job interview and I am the big, arrogant boss trying to decide which of them is a
better candidate. This is why I love talking to two hot girls at the same time: You give
them both equal attention, and since they aren’t sure which of them you prefer, they
get mindfucked and battle for you. You’re low supply and high demand. And as one
9Destination Poon
of my friends, Tim, likes to say, “Now you have choice.”
But, there’s always one problem... getting them separated. If you’re out in a
nightclub with a friend, it’s simple, but not so much when you’re alone in a distant,
foreign land. So what did I do? Do I have some secret formula? Sorry, there is none.
Sometimes, all you need is a just little push from Mother Fortuna. One of the girls
says:
“I really have to go now.”
“Let me guess... toilet.”
“Hahahaha, no! We’re flight attendants. Lots of work!”
“What airline?”
“It’s a high-class company that serves Russian millionaires and oligarchs.”
She leaves me with the other girl — let’s call her RussianFlightAttendant — a
feminine, slender, beautiful blonde girl that combines an aura of natural purity with
the initiative and sensibility of a flight attendant. There’s something very soft and
mellow about her. I want my Shlomo inside this woman. Why she stays after her
friend left, I have no idea. They both work at the same airline. Anyway, I welcome the
advantageous turn of events.
RussianFlightAttendant and I go for a stroll around the airport. About ten minutes
later, we sit inside an empty airport bar and order two glasses of red wine. All the
while, her body faces me, and I send “innocent” touches to her thighs as I talk. I want
her to become accustomed to my touch. We talk about human nature, evolution, and
travel. Russia must be a smart nation indeed, because this flight attendant here is
more interesting than the majority of girls I’ve ever met. She’s deep and insightful:
“This job allows me to travel, but I’m not sure I’ll stay for long. It’s not a very positive
10Destination Poon
environment. Those millionaires think they can buy everything with money. You
should see how lonely many of them are.”
An hour later, I decide it’s a good idea to go hang out in the city. I have plenty of time
to kill, and it’s night time:
“Let’s ride the train to the city center. There must be plenty of bars there.”
She smiles and complies.
We go out of the airport and start walking to the nearby train station. But...
FUCK.
An infusion of frozen air hits my lungs, and my breath begins to make misty clouds.
Sharp, icy snowflakes bite into the exposed parts of my skin as the wind whips them
into blinding swirls. It’s so frigid it’s painful. And if there’s one thing I can’t cope with,
it’s cold. I’ve bungeed off one of the highest platforms on Earth, spent time in military
jail, survived brutal motorbike and horse accidents, but threaten to send me to
Iceland without three layers of wool, and I’ll prefer to be your BITCH for a month
instead.
Frostbitten, I walk to the station. It’s a very short walk, a minute only, but it’s so
fucking cold my sperm must be frozen by the time we get there. I had forgotten how
freezing Germany can be in winter, and it’s January now. These temperatures don’t
exist in Israel. Remember that scene from The Day After Tomorrow, when they are
so desperately cold they begin to burn Bibles to keep themselves warm? That’s how
cold it feels. I make a mental note never to leave a German airport on a winter night.
Just a few minutes later, my body fires up its survival mechanisms, all systems shut
down, and I stop talking, trying to conserve energy. Fuck it, I decide to head back:
“Alright, we’re making a U-turn. Let’s go back to the airport.”
11Destination Poon
She seems confused. Men are biologically the assertive and risk-taking sex, so I
lean in to kiss her. Because if I hadn’t and she would have refused to go back to the
airport, the story would be over. I had to spike some fire. But... not your lucky day,
Reggie. She lowers and turns her head away slightly. It doesn’t feel much like a true
rejection, more like a good Russian village girl genuinely interested, but trying her
best not to appear like a slut.
BUT FUCK THAT, I’M FREEZING.
I focus my gaze on her and frown. This awkward, pregnant moment is amusing to
me. I use one of my maxims:
When in doubt how to respond to a girl, imagine yourself getting a blowjob in a
jacuzzi. Mold your state of mind, summon that carefree attitude, and then respond.
The right words and actions will come out naturally.
So what do I do? Since women expect men to push the envelope, I pull
RussianFlightAttendant’s face, kiss her lips, and immediately push her away and
storm back to the escalator leading to the warm airport. I knew she wouldn’t follow
me had I not demonstrated some courageous authenticity. And Reggie rarely
declines a test of greatness.
But as I move toward the escalator, I manage to catch a glimpse of her face... and
oh boy... she looks FURIOUS! Her face is as red as the wine we had earlier. Is it
because of the kiss? Is it because I left her behind in the station with a bunch of
dodgy, homeless bums around her? I don’t know. I don’t care. It’s COLD.
Five minutes later, I see RussianFlightAttendant storming back up the escalator. She
looks like a mad Moroccan wife, moments after discovering her husband was
cheating on her with a goat. I look at her, and she turns her wine-red face away in
furious protest. The funniest part? She STOMPS on the ground like an angry eight-
year-old as she walks past me. So what did I do? Go to apologize and ask for
forgiveness? Of course not. Girls don’t fancy a soft man. Do that, and you’ve lost the
12Destination Poon
conquest.
Besides, nothing could dilute my satisfaction of reaching a proper-temp environment
again. Know that feeling when you’re taking a steamy shower in the freezing winter,
and you’re suddenly out of hot water with shampoo still on your hair? You wash off
the remaining suds as fast as possible, storm out to cocoon yourself in your warm
bed and goose-down blanket, and then suddenly you begin to appreciate things in
life you usually take for granted. That’s how good getting back to the airport felt.
Also, I had a gut-feeling she’d come back. Listen closely, gentlemen, and write these
words on your mirror so you see them every morning when your brush your teeth:
Love and hate are not opposites, but two sides of the same coin. The worst state you
can put a girl in is boredom, a complete lack of interest, with no emotional
investment in you. Her having an extreme surge of negative energy toward you is
much better than no energy at all. With a little bit of social Aikido, you can later
channel that energy into a fruitful fire of sexual attraction.
After RussianFlightAttendant storms past me, I find a metal airport bench where I
can rest my tired body. I cover my face, trying to avoid the glimmering ambient light
above my head. And though it’s not at all comfy, I am so exhausted I immediately
drift off into a deep sleep.
As usual, my gut feeling didn’t betray me. About two hours later, with dreams racing
back and forth between the two hemispheres of my brain, I am suddenly awaken by
a soft touch prodding my right cheek. Is that a dog? Is that a maid cleaning the floor,
unintentionally touching me with her broom? Perhaps my Israeli passport, bulging
out of my pocket, attracted some German dude associated with the Nazi movement?
Lo and behold:
It’s RussianFlightAttendant in all her blond, slender glory. She says:
“I.... I felt there was really something between us...”
13Destination Poon
Apparently, two hours of letting her emotions stew was all it took to bring her back
from a hateful Putin mode to the sensitive, nurturing lady that she ultimately is. And
also, one of the rudiments of effective marketing was at play: SCARCITY. The fear of
loss is one of the greatest motivators of mankind. RussianFlightAttendant knew I’d
be gone in the morning, so she had to act now — or else lose me and forever
wonder... what if?
“I couldn’t fall asleep... I kept thinking about you, so I came back. I was looking for
you for the last hour and a half! Please come with me...”
What? Come where? She grabs my hand and leads my half-sleeping ass outside the
airport.
This was so fucking strange. I really couldn’t tell what was happening. She had the
face of a Mongol rebel admitting defeat, suddenly asking to change sides and help
Genghis Khan. You can’t be sure whether he’s truthful or just trying to take Genghis
down. What the fuck is RussianFlightAttendant really planning to do?
“Please come to my hotel, it’s only a three-minute walk.”
Immediately, I stop. Yes, it’s still fucking freezing, but there’s something else, much
scarier. The whole story of how she was working for a private Russian millionaires’
airline suddenly got to me. Is this a fucking trap? For a moment, I thought she had
some vicious plan of attack in mind and had arranged a group of big Russian dudes
to wait in her hotel room and turn my bones into fairy dust, only because I had
infuriated her earlier.
RussianFlightAttendant holds my hand and keeps pushing me to follow her. But I just
stand there — in the fucking cold — running a statistical analysis in my head. I
estimate a 50% chance of this being a genuine offering, and another 50% being a
KGB-like special mission to smash both my skull and ego.
So... what did I do? Did I listen to the alarm bells going off in my head? Was I
14Destination Poon
responsible and mature enough to go back to the airport and save myself from
trouble? Did I reach the inevitable conclusion that life is too precious to lose to some
mad Russian girl? Seriously, what would you do?
OF COURSE I followed her. She was a hot blonde with a functional poon, and that’s
all the edge needed to seduce a man to take a chance with straight up death. When
your dick wakes up, your brain goes to sleep. Actually, men have two brains, but only
one can be turned on at any given time.
We get in the elevator. She presses 5. We slowly go up, and the door soon opens.
This place is as lavish as it gets. The walls on the right are covered in some fluffy
decorative textures. The walls on the left are transparent, so through them I can see
the entire lobby, with all its palm trees. How the fuck did they get palm trees to grow
in Germany? They must be fake, but they appear to be completely real. Wait,
perhaps this is all just a dream?
When we reach her room, RussianFlightAttendant inserts the key into the knob.
Fuck! A surge of adrenaline spreads through my blood, warming my veins with
memories from my Krav Maga and Thai boxing training. Am I about put my martial
arts skills to use? I begin to reminisce about happy moments from life, because this
whole situation has a very vague, sinister feeling attached to it. But oh, the potential
reward. So promising. So pure. So magnificent. What could have better launched a
trip on the right foot than banging a sexy, blonde Russian flight attendant during a
stopover?
I anticipate action. RussianFlightAttendant rotates the key, and soon there’s the
metal clucking sound of a door-knob. She looks at me with a naive, submissive face.
Is this all a part of the act? Am I in a trap? Am I about to get ambushed by a bunch of
Russians? This is the moment. She then swings the door open, and I find myself
standing right there in the doorway, frozen in place by the sight in front of me.
HOLY CRAP.
15Destination Poon
There are three massive Russian men...
Alright, I kid, I kid!
When RussianFlightAttendant opens the door, I slowly step into a glamorous room
with warm, dim light, and the tidiness that only a woman can keep. The room is
empty of people. It’s safe. She walks to the dresser and takes out a clean towel and
a soap bar, looking at me with shy Bambi eyes. I stink badly from the previous
shower-less day of my flight, so I take the towel and soap and head to the shower.
RussianFlightAttendant goes “to sleep.” I cover myself with suds and take a good,
long time under a fiery steam of free flowing water. When I’m done, I wrap myself
with the towel and go toward her bed.
She’s there, “sleeping”, curled up like a fetus with her back to me. I throw my towel
down and get in her bed naked. Within just a few seconds, I pull her toward me. The
room smells like a concoction of soap and pheromones. There’s no time for playing
games. I have a flight to Mexico in four hours. And we were both expecting this
moment, drawn to each other in that mesmerizing way bold men and beautiful
women have been since time immemorial, long before language and tools were ever
invented. We begin to cuddle and deeply inhale each other’s scent. I don’t know if all
Russian girls smell like her, but it’s a captivating smell. Like pollen to a bee. Very
soon, our precious organs begin to rub against each other. She begins to speak
passionately, in a submissive voice:
“Oh my God... you’re the most masculine man I’ve ever met.”
Ah, if only she had met my uncle Avi! He’s an old-school, brute human being,
capable of silencing a room merely by his mighty presence. When he was a kid, he
had to quit boxing because he was injuring too many kids with his knockouts. As a
teenager, he could penetrate watermelons with a single strike of his index finger. As
an adult, thieves once broke into his house and stole expensive things when he was
on vacation. They came back a few days later — once they realized it was his house
— to return it all and ask for forgiveness. Compared to him, I’m as masculine as
16Destination Poon
Marilyn Monroe.
Obviously, RussianFlightAttendant and I end up having sex. But it was no normal
feeling. We were both on the same wavelength. She was closing her eyes in
passion, completely submissive, moaning like an ex-nun on her first sex. I felt like
Zeus fucking Aphrodite. It was the hottest, most blazingly passionate one night stand
I’ve ever had in my entire life. Perhaps the only one where, afterwards, I actually
caught myself feeling... something.
FUCK, DID I JUST SAY THAT?
We wake up to the sound of her alarm clock. Time to leave. My flight departs in two
hours. RussianFlightAttendant takes my phone and adds herself as a friend on my
Facebook. She escorts me to her door, and there’s a sad, disappointed expression
on her face. She wants me to stay. I kinda want to stay here too. But... MEXICO,
TRAVEL, ADVENTURE. I smile, give her a genuine hug, and go down the elevator.
The rising sun is trying to break through the gloom of early morning. That awesome
high one gets after scoring a new sexual conquest sets in, and I walk to the airport
with that glowing aura, that sense of achievement. As I stand in line to check in, I
begin to reflect. How is it that I’ve managed to pull off such an epic act in such a
short window of time? How is it that I always go all-in and end up winning the pot? I
can only think of one explanation:
He who cares least about the outcome, wins.
If you want to stand a good chance at the ruthless banter of the sexual market, you’ll
have to cultivate a fearless, playful state of mind where you just don’t give a fuck. It’s
not easy — I’m not a fucking monk — but engage in activities that make you feel
better (aka manlier), and this attitude of charismatic, stress-free ease will be
organically built to a point where it triggers limbic pulses of passion in women, at
least in hot Russian flight attendants. Engineer a lifestyle that cultivates that mindset,
and a world of tactile pleasure is soon to be yours.
17Destination Poon
I took a few naked photos, but RussianFlightAttendant deleted them all. Here’s the
only relic from that night (face censored to protect her privacy):
