You Look Like a Pig
If I say somebody looks like a pig, they should take it with love. (Joan Rivers)
Have you ever been to Guatemala? Anyone visiting Central America somehow ends
up with this country on top of their favorites list. And for good reasons: It’s home to
some spectacular landscapes. People are extremely friendly. It’s crazy cheap. And
since everyone goes there, it attracts a lot of slutty party-girl ‘travelers’ who pack
their luggage with weed and condoms and spend half their time topless in an altered
state playing Jenga.
And this is why, my friends, every man with a functional pair of stones should travel
to Guatemala.
My story begins in a picturesque Guatemalan town called Flores. One day, I find
myself chatting with a cool Israeli dude who lives in the U.S. and grows medical
marijuana for a living. He’s a really nice guy, and has curly hair so thick he’s like a
living proof for the existence of Yetis. We’re chatting outside on a stairway that
connects my private room to a dense wooden attic that serves as a dorm with
mattresses. That’s where he’s staying. Very soon, he leans in close and whispers
something in my ear:
“See that tall German girl in the corner? She’s a famous runway model in New York.”
He googles some photos on his smartphone and points with his eyes to the inside of
the attic, where his Israeli friends are chilling out and smoking marijuana with two
European girls. One of them is a gorgeous blond Austrian dripping with delicious
pheromones, and the other a towering, beautiful German redhead that sits with her
legs crossed in a lotus position. She’s the professional model from the photos.
Shlomo Status: OPERATED.
In just a few minutes, IsraeliYeti and I amble in and crawl onto the burgundy wooden
80Destination Poon
floor of the attic. I try to come up with a decent plan as the aroma from the kitchen
downstairs intermingles with the smell of weed and combine for a very peculiar
scent. This is not going to be easy.
These two girls, they’re the kind that eat men for breakfast. Their egos are constantly
stroked, and if I want to end up inside one of them, I better be ready for ferocious
tests of my inner strength and charm. There’s no room for mistakes. They are
descendants of the great European heritage of brutal battles and cattle milking in the
Alps. Smallest sign of weakness and I’m toast.
But not this time.
You see, one of my fondest travel hobbies is giving modern women the forbidden
fruit of the chauvinistic cock. Many of them claim to be feminists, but it always makes
me smile when they look so much happier, wiser, and better when I send them back
to their boring natural habitat.
I sit down on one of the mattresses and find myself in a strange position. I am the
newcomer. I’m at the bottom of the totem pole. If I want to get one of these poons, I
have to ascend up the hierarchy of this circle. So my plan is this: Disregard the
females until I win the respect of all the males. That way, the men won’t feel
alienated, and by looking up to me, they themselves will drive the girls into my arms.
And that’s what I do.
I ignore the girls for a good while and make friends with all the men. The whole time,
I’m waiting for the perfect opportunity to stir emotions and drop a thermonuclear
pussy-moisturizing bomb. As always, I have no idea what I’m going to say, so I just
trust serendipity to work in my favor. GorgeousAustrian soon begins to move and
talk flamboyantly and unstoppably, with no end in sight:
“Guatemala is sooooooo amazing! Have you guys been to one of the volcanoes
already?”
81Destination Poon
Everybody responds with enthusiasm, trying to win her attention. I remain silent. She
soon changes the topic:
“I really want to go to Israel one day, you guys are so cool!”
I remain silent. Come on, sweetheart, gimme something to work with. She eventually
does:
“Israeli men always tell me I’m considered very beautiful in your country, is that
true?”
BINGO! She is insecure about her looks. For maximal emotional amplification, I
unsheathe the Reggie Excalibur:
“You look like a pig to me.”
Sweet, deep five seconds of silence take over the dorm.
Jaws drop. Eyebrows are raised in shock. I remain silent. He who talks first loses.
Everyone stares at me as if I have just suggested we go kill dogs for fun. They all
expect me to apologize. I can see it in their eyes. But I know better. Girls don’t fancy
apologizers, so I keep my smile on as if my words are nothing more than a playful
tease. Because they are just that.
Reggie the Silencer. Reggie the Cunning Sensei of Poon.
Now, men, if you’ve had more than a few girls in your life, then you know what the
response looks like. I’ve always said, instead of trying to make everyone like you,
take a bold position and make a few people love you. And GorgeousAustrian seems
to love me. She turns around to face me, laughing and moving theatrically as she
prods my elbow teasingly. I have set her heart and loins free. Oh, free at last! Her
first words:
82Destination Poon
“Hahahahahahaha you’re so evil!”
Austrian Poon Status: LUBRICATED.
Now pay close attention, brothers. Tear the next paragraph out and put it in your
wallet so that the next time when you‘re about to buy a drink to some hot chick, you’ll
think twice:
Very often, it’s easier to score with the best looking girls than with the good looking
ones. It may be because they’re a little insecure about being constantly judged for
something as finite and fading as beauty. It may also be because most men are so
awed and terrified to talk to them that their egos aren’t too stroked. And there’s just
simply less competition for them. Whatever the reason, remember that you’re often
more likely to score with the best looking girl than with a good looking one. Never
forget that.
And once you show a girl that her beauty has no hold on you, she feels as if she has
just lost her most valuable of cards. Her ace. Her secret weapon of destruction. The
female vagina, through an ancient genetic algorithm, loses all control to the presence
of a man who just doesn’t give a fuck.
We all end up going to a nightclub later, and GorgeousAustrian is all over me. I tell
her that I know more things about her than she thinks. She responds with
enthusiasm:
“Reaaaaaaaally?”
She’s very flamboyant and attention seeking, so I conclude she must have daddy
issues.
“Something happened with your dad when you were somewhere between eight to
twelve.”
83Destination Poon
“OH MY GOD, ARE YOU A MAGICIAN? HOW DID YOU KNOW?”
Ah, this never fails me. It’s as if I have a fine tuned sixth sense allowing me to X-ray
BPD souls. She keeps pecking around me like a hungry chicken, but I don’t give
myself up too easily:
“Be a good girl and I’ll tell you later.”
You never want to give yourself too easily to girls of top beauty. You must find a way
to flip the script. You must make her chase you. She keeps asking me, in sheer
amazement:
“HOW DID YOU KNOW???”
Eventually, I drop it:
“Let’s go out for a little talk and I’ll tell you.”
Bingo.
Outside, we sit on a sofa. I can’t remember what I said to her, only that I improvised
so much bullshit that I was in both disgust and awe of how convincing I can be. But
just when things got hot, just when I thought poon was about to be harvested, a pair
of cockblocking objects came surging into my way one after the other.
The first one was a drunk, blond English girl. She comes and sits right next to us on
the sofa, interrupting our little intimate, sexual dance. I find her rude, so I call forth
my inner Lucifer’s Offspring:
“Who the fuck are you?”
“I’m just listening!”
84Destination Poon
“Get out.”
“So you’re like... kicking me out?”
“Yes.”
“YOU ARE SO MEAN!”
She leaves. GUATEMALA IS MINE TONIGHT.
Two minutes later, the second object comes, and it’s such a pathetic display of
desperation I almost cry. It’s one of our Israeli friends. I talked to him earlier today,
but I didn’t know he was into GorgeousAustrian and had worked hard for her the
days before I arrived. He looks terrified of the idea that I’m stealing his princess.
Cute, naive, little buddy. If you’re terrified of losing a girl, then you’ve already lost
her. But he’s a part of the Israeli pack. He’s my brother in blood. And I feel kinship to
him, because we were talking quite a lot. I follow my code of honor and do what feels
like the right thing. I smile, wink to him, and leave them alone. It’s like for a split
second, I was a socialist caregiver, giving away premium pussy to the weak.
Reggie the Paragon of Virtue. Reggie the Israeli Brother.
But as you’ll see, Mother Karma never forgets your good deeds.
Two days later, I take a ten hour bus to Semuc Champey, a beautiful Guatemalan
area with dark caves, lush greenery, and crystal-clear turquoise waters. I stay in a
magically beautiful place called the Zephyr Lodge. It’s a guesthouse so perfectly
merged with its surrounding natural beauty it’s hard not to feel like you’re in a
fairytale.
Right when I arrive at Zephyr, I am invited to a table full of about a dozen
backpackers. I soon become the center of attention:
85Destination Poon
“OH MY GOD HAVE YOU BEEN TO THE ARMY?”
“Yeah.”
“So what do you do for a living?”
“Well, if you want to build an online business from scratch, or if you want to shred fat,
gain muscle, and get healthy, I’m your man.”
One of the girls snaps:
“THAT’S BULLSHIT! YOU DON’T NEED TO LOSE FAT TO BE HEALTHY!”
She’s actually not fat at all, and is quite sexy, but I smile and say:
“Why, just because you’ve got some flabby arms?”
She instantly lifts her hands in surrender and shuts the fuck up. Everyone erupts in
laughter, shocked by this demonstration of direct honesty. A discussion begins over
the topic. I tell them that obese people are usually irresponsible. Every sane person
around the table agrees with me, even though it’s a truth nobody likes to talk about.
Another Australian, a girl with an eagle nose, tells me to leave because I hurt her
friend’s feelings. I tell her she can leave herself. I later feel bad for her friend, so I go
and hug her in a private corner. She hugs me back and says she was really
impressed by my grace under pressure. Aren’t women so cute?
Half an hour later, I remember that I don’t yet have a room booked for the night, so I
go to the reception area. The employee there tells me all the rooms are booked. One
of the more lavish private rooms is available the next day, so I book it in advance.
But since I don’t have a bed for tonight, I end up sleeping in the bed of another
Australian, a very hot, blond girl with amazing boobs and a feminine smile. It’s in a
big, wooden dorm, and when I go there, I discover a hot fornication zone. There are
two different couples fucking on two different beds. I turn on my flashlight and
86Destination Poon
illuminate one of them. LIVE PORN! The dazzled guy raises his beardy head and
contracts his eyes:
“WHAT THE FUCK, MAN? TURN IT OFF!”
I tell him:
“Don’t mind me. I AM NOT REAL.”
But they are lame and cease to fuck, so I allow them to continue without me...
amateurs. When I wake up in the morning, I am a hairsbreadth away from landing
my feet on a used condom that isn’t mine. I look around and discover the magnitude
of destruction: THERE ARE USED CONDOMS ALL OVER THE FLOOR. It’s like
there was a massive gang bang when I was asleep. Yes, the collapse of the West is
near.
Three mornings later, I go to get a breakfast in the porch of Zephyr Lodge. That’s
when everything changes. I may have given up on GorgeousAustrian, but guess
who’s here now, reading a hefty book on a red hammock?
That’s right — GermanModel in all her towering glory.
The gurus were right! Give and you shall receive. I kneel to you, Mother Karma.
She looks at me with Bambi eyes. I come in close and deadpan:
“Don’t think you have a chance with me. I’m gay.”
Fast forward two hours later.
GermanModel and I are basking in the sunshine on top of a green, grassy mountain.
I tell her to close her eyes and imagine herself walking in a field full of red flowers. I
keep spewing out random bullshit for ten minutes, and the invisible barrier between
87Destination Poon
us soon shatters, and we have our tongues in each other’s mouth. She smiles and
says:
“Gay, uhh?”
I smile back. The gay trick never fails me.
We spend the day together, and I later take her back to my private room. It’s a room
so regal and sumptuous you’d think it was the main bedroom of the Taj Mahal.
There’s a special niche for the bed with a red curtain surrounding it. On the bed,
there are plenty of decorated pillows with indigenous textures and unique gems. I
have a porch facing the jungle and the sunset, and there’s a hammock and another
bed in there. I have my own kingdom.
But... GermanModel won’t give it away easily. No matter how hard I try, no matter
how many breaks I take and start all over again, she keeps resisting my attempts to
slide in. Soon, my balls are so blue I can barely move without grimacing in pain.
Eventually, we just fall asleep. But when morning comes, the horses break loose.
It’s as if falling asleep together has shifted some mechanism in her brain. As if she
will no longer feel slutty if something happens. And immediately when we wake up, I
get her panties off. I begin to jackhammer GermanModel so hard I feel like I’m about
to break her fragile runway model body. She’s so skinny you can put ink in her
mouth, turn her upside down, and use her as a pen. But very soon, something
unexpected happens. When we’re done with our act, and when the blanket rolls off
her feet, I see it for the first time.
OH MY GOD.
Like an incoming shower of meteors, my fight-or-flight mechanism begins to kick in.
It stares at me like a black mamba threatening to give a deadly dose of venom.
WHAT THE FUCK IS THIS?
88Destination Poon
SHE HAS MASSIVE FEET AND BLACK TOENAILS.
Now, I’m not talking about black nail polish. And I’m not talking about dirt either. I’m
talking about something much worse. There seems to be some rare, disgusting kind
of fungal bacteria on her toenails. Not the yellowish kind you see on old people, but a
totally different species. With a bone-char hue of black.
“WHAT IS WRONG WITH YOUR FEET?”
She gets shy and immediately curls them back under the blanket. But the image was
so different than anything I’ve ever seen that it was instantly, irreversibly branded
into my brain. I just can’t forget it. It’s like when you find a cockroach in your home
and it manages to escape and disappear. You know it’s there somewhere, but you
wish you never saw it in first place so that you wouldn’t be worried. That’s how I felt.
GermanModel just says:
“Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhh... sorry.”
She soon leaves, and I am left in my room thinking, how can a girl so impressive
have the most hideous feet I’ve ever seen? Mother Fortuna and Mother Karma have
their ways of fucking with us just when we least expect it. Fuck you, Fortuna. And
fuck you Karma, too.
When evening comes, GermanModel returns to my room. I make sure to turn off
every light. I don’t want to see anything. It’s one of those rare cases where reality is
more disturbing than imagination. Very soon, she’s all over me again on my Taj
Mahal bed, but I can feel my intestines shout in terror when her feet rub against
mine.
HOLY CRAP.
I begin to jackhammer her, but I try to mentally concentrate like a Zen monk. I try to
think of her pretty blue eyes, her nice hips, and her long legs. Oh, fuck, I forgot her
89Destination Poon
feet are attached to those legs! The memory, the image, it’s just stronger than me.
The image of her hobbit feet and the bone-char black toenails. I keep pumping
stronger and stronger, as if I can get rid of this traumatizing memory by sheer force.
But it doesn’t work, and I recoil whenever our feet brush against each other. I feel
like I’m trying to avoid being hit in dodgeball.
We’re soon finished, and GermanModel goes to the bathroom to do whatever the
hell it is that girls do in the bathroom after sex. That’s the turning point, because half
a minute later, I can hear her voice from the bathroom:
“Ahhhhhhhhhhh, I guess I can’t use the toileeeeeeet!”
Next thing you know, GermanModel storms out of my room without even saying
goodbye. These rude Germans! Can’t even appreciate my love. But why did she
storm out? What could have possibly happened that has made her react that way?
Was it the remark I made about her feet earlier? Perhaps — not unlike that
fornicating couple in the dorm — she was having performance anxiety when I was
nearby? My bathroom is indeed very close to my Taj Mahal bed. And then... just
then... it hits me like a brick in the face.
Or nose.
At first, it’s only my eyes that begin to contract.
Then the nostrils.
Three seconds later, I can barely breathe.
Half a minute later, the room smells like a nasty pigsty.
HOW COULD I FORGET? It must have been the sex that eliminated all worries, or
maybe the fact that I’m used to living like that since my days in the military. Lo and
behold:
90Destination Poon
The second day, when I first got this private, lavish room, I immediately marked my
territory by taking a massive dump. But I also did the forbidden and unforgiven when
I forgot that we’re in Central America and stuffed the toilet with paper. As a result, it
was completely clogged when I flushed, and water came all the way up. I was too
lazy to unclog it, so I just kept taking more daily dumps on top of the pile of shit that
was already there, figuring the staff would clean it when I left. What can I say? I’m a
man too busy to unclog toilets. It was also like a nice little game, taking the daily
dump and raising the height of this Mount Reggie to a full potential. But the
combined stench was so bad I had to keep the lid closed all day. After a few days, it
developed such a unique, strong scent of aged feces that no normal human would
be able to withstand it for more than a few minutes.
So when GermanModel opened the lid, a surprise awaited her. And me? I just
bursted out laughing my ass off. I erupted into hysterical laughter so raw and
powerful my belly muscles started to fatigue. I laughed for fifteen minutes straight,
and because happiness is only real when shared, I stormed out myself and called
my buddy Amir to come and witness the scale of destruction. He entered my room,
and began to erupt in laughter himself:
“HAHAHAHA, THAT’S WHY SHE RAN LIKE A LUNATIC!”
He was outside the whole time, and he had seen her when she ran out. This moment
of laughter gave momentum to a detailed, manly conversation about shit and sex.
And it was so long that Amir ended up falling asleep on the bed in my porch. Two
Israelis and a clogged toilet — it was like the army again!
The next morning, GermanModel was no longer at Zephyr. But a message from her
awaited me on Facebook:
“I’m sorry I left the room like that... I’m in Antigua now. Are you coming here?”
“No” I wrote back, “But I’ll always remember you.”
