Banging Somalia... And a Laptop
If you do nothing unexpected, nothing unexpected happens. (Fay Weldon)
The hunt for poon can be a bonding thing, even between supposed enemies. But if
you told me I was about to share an apartment with a Moroccan guy in a Muslim
neighborhood, I’d tell you that you’re either crazy or totally unaware of the situation in
the Middle East.
This story happens in Rome, where I went to follow the Path of Illumination from Dan
Brown’s brilliant novel Angels & Demons. I stayed at an awesome camping site —
forgot its name — that is very popular among young travelers with a ravenous
appetite for cheap beer, cheap parties, and cheap sex with strangers.
One night in the camping site’s nightclub, the emotional peak of hormones and
adventure inspires me to approach a random pair of blond Dutch girls. Illuminated by
the party laser beams, I twirl them together like two ballerinas. Behind us, there’s a
suspicious, ripped, dark-skinned man. His muscles are so big they protrude from his
tight shirt. He must be the bouncer here. It’s always good to make friends with the
bouncers, so I talk to him:
“Brazilian?”
“Moroccan. But people always say I look Brazilian.”
We begin to talk for a while, because I’ve never met a young person from Morocco. I
learn that in contrast to his stark visuals, he’s quite a modest and self-effacing guy.
His name is Tayeb and he was born in Morocco, raised in Paris, and now lives in
London. He spends his days in London between a banking job, Brazilian Jiu Jitsu
workouts, and practicing an art form of picking up girls. He’s excited:
“I saw you twirling those two girls for three spins in a row! It was hilarious! You’re
what we call a ‘natural’ in our community.”
93Destination Poon
I tell him, how can I be a natural if I spent all my teenage years playing World of
Warcraft? I explain to him that when it comes to everything, there’s a certain learning
curve one has to go through until it becomes second nature. That I, too, had to learn
it, only through common sense and repeated trial and error. He begins to explain:
“Man, feminism killed our culture in Europe. Women say they want us soft and nice,
so we’re raised that way, but they end up not attracted to us.”
I smile and say:
“A girl’s logic and emotions can be so contradictory you might end up wondering if
she has an evil twin.”
“Hahahaha! Are they the same in Israel?”
“It’s different. Our girls say out loud that they want a man to be stronger than them so
they feel protected.”
You see, Israeli girls are free to do whatever they want. They work. They serve in the
military. But they also grow up in very tight, loving families and develop into
emotionally sound adults. A universe away from the average modern careerist
woman, most Israeli girls will always put family as first priority. I tell Tayeb that while
we’re constantly occupied with survival and rocket attacks, the women of his kin are
so bored they busy themselves with lesbian marriage and pole dancing. Somewhere
during Western women’s futile pursuit of happiness, they forget to do what ultimately
fulfills them: Building and nurturing a family.
Over the next few days, Tayeb and I become such good buddies that we spend the
whole time in the camping site together. We share a big tent and munch on whole
chickens in the afternoons. Even though our cultures are the arch-enemies of each
other, we become like brothers. One night, he returns to the tent late and wakes me
up:
94Destination Poon
“Reggie.... Reggie...”
I open my eyes, dazed, confused, and semiconscious. He says:
“I need a condom...”
Ah, the beauty of travel. Everyone’s a slut. I give him two and drift off back to sleep.
Five minutes later, I am awakened by a scene that is instantly seared into my
memory forever. It is Tayeb pounding an Australian girl so ponderous she’s a few
genes away from crossing the species barrier to a mammoth. Cattle rights apply to
her. Tayeb pounds the beast with so much force his bed repeatedly smashes against
the floor. He must have woken the entire camping site, because the tents were all
made out of thin cloth. The sound of skin slapping against skin is too much to bear,
and I find it hard to fall back to sleep. I put a pillow over my head and wait for this
hideous cross-species perversion to come to an end.
A few days later, Tayeb flies back to London and invites me over to his apartment.
London here we come.
Tayeb lives in a neighborhood full of Islamic Bangladeshis. He shares the apartment
with his Brazilian Jiu Jitsu friend, Pablo, a Spanish guy with a calm demeanor mixed
with the occasional playfulness that makes him a unique character. He eats Greek
yogurt with berries, after which he injects himself with insulin to manage his diabetes.
The injections seem strange to me, because like Tayeb, he is so ripped he radiates
health rather than illness.
Another Brazilian Jiu Jitsu friend of theirs has his own apartment but comes and
crashes with us every few days. His name is Ashley. He’s a massive, handsome
black guy from Jamaica. Working as an actor in London, Ashley is one of the most
pure fun and creative persons I have ever spent time with. Like his BJJ friends, he is
also ripped to the bone. He sleeps on a mattress next to mine, and Tayeb constantly
takes photos of us when we’re sleeping, saying we look like refugees from Kosovo.
95Destination Poon
Sleeping next to Ashley is really a unique experience. We sleep head to toe, so I fall
asleep and wake up next to his huge feet. I feel like I’m sleeping next to LeBron
James. Tayeb, Pablo and Ashely, if you guys are reading this, know that I fucking
love you and that my home is always open to you.
One day, they all take me to their BJJ workout. I get my ass kicked by a tiny
redheaded girl. But while she’s busy trying to submit me, I touch her boobs in a way
that doesn’t look obvious. It’s Jiu Jitsu against Jew Jitsu. We both win. We later go to
a session of Brazilian dancing called Forró. What’s with all these Brazilian things?
There’s an exotic girl there with olive skin, silky hair, and a good face that radiates a
good future mom for your kids. She is accompanied by two men. Tayeb smiles and
decides to help a brother out:
“We’ll help you isolate her from those two guys.”
That’s the first time in my life I hear the term “isolate” outside the conversational
sphere of whey protein, nutritional supplements, and scientific experiments.
What happens next is quite impressive. In one swift move, completely free of
hesitation, Pablo and Tayeb assault the two poor guys. Every move seems to be
calculated, because they occupy them in a way that rotates their back so that they
no longer face me. This leaves me with the exotic girl, who I learn is a rare import
from the Maldives.
Another night, on our walk back from a bar, we see two black girls. They aren’t
particularly attractive, just decent, but at that time I still didn’t have a black girl on my
sexual bucket list. So like a savvy Jew, I seize the opportunity:
“You may have been born in Africa, but you’ve never seen a lion like me.”
“Hahahahaha!”
“Let me guess: Ethiopia.”
96Destination Poon
“Very close! Somalia.”
Oh. My. God. They’re black and Muslim. That’s two birds with one stone! We flirt for
ten minutes, and they give me their phone numbers. A Somali guy with a red
bandana then comes from nowhere and stares into my eyes:
“I’ll cut your balls if you touch any of my girls.”
The girls smile and tell me:
“Don’t mind him. He’s always like that.”
I stare back at him and smile. You pirate, if only you knew you’re surrounded by a
crew of ripped Brazilian Jiu Jitsu fighters — all too ready to kick your sorry ass back
to Somalia — you’d be whistling a different tune.
The next day, we invite the two Somali girls to the apartment. Tayeb isn’t there, so it’s
only Pablo and me. Just like me, he’s eager to get his share of African poon. We all
sit on a blanket outside, but a funny thing happens:
BOTH GIRLS CATFIGHT OVER ME.
As a result, one of the girls pushes her friend to leave with her. There’s no sense of
finality about it, and I know that she’s just afraid that I like her friend more. Like
Tayeb, she too has her own tactics. When they leave, Pablo shrugs and tells me that
they both wanted me. I smile and tell him a phrase I translate from Hebrew:
“There’s no woman who doesn’t give, only a man who doesn’t take.”
He gets some berries from the fridge, injects some insulin, and goes to sleep.
The next day, SneakySomali sends me a message again. She wants to see me. I
97Destination Poon
begin to try and persuade Tayeb into lending me his bed because I have nowhere
comfortable to fuck. And I’m not going to do it on that old floor mattress. I’m not
Bangladeshi. Tayeb is moot to the idea:
“Bro, I don’t wanna smell your sperm on my bed!”
“DON’T WORRY, I’LL USE A CONDOM!”
“Ahhhhhhhh but it’s still disgusting!”
“C’mon, you know I’d do it for you if it was the opposite!”
“Come on man, just do it on the mattress!”
The Amazing Pablo then comes to my rescue and becomes an enthusiastic
proselytizer for the idea, adding some social pressure on Tayeb to let me fuck on his
bed:
“Come on Tayeb, help a brother out! He’ll let you fuck on his bed when we go to
Israel.”
Tayeb relents and acquiesces, although tentatively. Apparently, the fragile promise of
pussy is all it takes to make a pick up artist like him give up his warm bed. I make a
mental note to give him ten extra friendship points. When a man lets you fuck on his
bed, you know you can trust him with your life.
In the evening, SneakySomali comes over, and I immediately take her to Tayeb’s
room. I leave his door unlocked so he can slip in quietly in the morning to dress for
his job. SneakySomali looks to be in a strange state of excitement mixed with the
tingles of nerves and discomfort. I feel like Putin next to his secretary. So like a
proper Russian president, I hand her one of Tayeb’s bottles of vodka to relax. She
immediately begins to drink it, and I am in both shock and awe of the huge glug that
she takes. She drinks it like it’s water. We soon kiss and lay flat on Tayeb’s bed. I try
98Destination Poon
to undo her bra, but she takes my hand off:
“We’re not gonna have sex tonight.”
YEAH RIGHT.
When a girl tells you, “We’re not gonna have sex tonight,” what she really means is,
“We’re not gonna have sex tonight, unless you try again a few more times so that I
don’t feel like a slut.”
I try again and again, but she always stops me. After a few more attempts, she leans
in and whispers seductively in my ear with great relish:
“I think I understand now... you just want to fuck an Africana!”
Sharp girl. Even with vodka, women are indeed the better sex at reading emotions. I
don’t know what to say, so I just smile and disregard it. After about half an hour of
hot-cold, I finally manage to undo her bra. Our hands begin to explore each other’s
flesh. I can barely see her boobs, because the blackness of her skin blends in with
the darkness of the room. Her skin is amazing. Damn, black women are awesome! I
then grab both her wrists with one hand. I use the other hand to roll her panties off
her legs. She’s impressed. Tayeb’s bed is about to be destroyed.
Three minutes later, my cock is finally inside. We’re in the missionary position, and it
feels nice and warm. But there’s something else bothering me. What the...?
IT WON’T GO ALL THE WAY IN.
It’s like her hips don’t quite align naturally with mine. She’s too narrow! There’s not
enough space between her legs for me. When I pump in, Shlomo is stopped mid-
way when the upper part of her thighs interrupts my movement. We’re designed
differently, biomechanically speaking. As if we aren’t supposed to replicate. But is
this really going to stop me from having my first sexual experience with a black
99Destination Poon
woman? Come on.
For a moment, I stop and run the whole Kama Sutra in my head. Immediately, the
answer becomes clear: DOGGY STYLE! This position should override the structural
issue we’re dealing with. I turn SneakySomali around and begin to pump again.
Guess what? It goes inside... FULLY!
Reggie the Bodyhacker. Reggie the Sexorcist. Reggie the Slayer of Dark Poons.
As I jackhammer her from behind, SneakySomali moans and speaks in some
peculiar language. Is that Somali? Is she possessed? Did she inherit some strips of
rhinoceros DNA? I don’t know. I don’t care. I decide instead to focus on my own
pleasure. Everything goes according to plan, until... there’s the sound of a loud
crash:
BAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAM!
We both spring up in terror and look around. Did the Somali dude with the red
bandana throw a grenade? We look to every side, and through the window, but
there’s no clue to anything alarming. Fuck that, we continue to fornicate. Now that
my eyes are adjusted to the darkness, I look down as I penetrate her. The contrast of
white against black is hypnotizing. Together, we soon fall into a deep, calm sleep.
In the morning, I begin to hear someone whispering:
“Reggie....”
“Reggieee....”
“Reggieeeeeee!”
I’m so wiped out I can’t figure out if this is reality or a dream.
100Destination Poon
“Reggieeeeeeeee!!“
“Reggieeee!”
Eventually, I open my eyes. Guess who’s there? SneakySomali? SomaliPirate? Not
at all.
It’s Tayeb. But... why?
“What the fuck man?”
There’s a look of fear in his eyes:
“Did you hear the boom last night? IT WAS MY LAPTOP!”
“What happened?”
“YOU DROPPED IT ON THE FLOOR!”
Ho. Ly. Crap. Apparently, Tayeb’s laptop was charging on the edge of the bed when I
was fucking SneakySomali. So that’s what this loud crashing sound was! We
bounced it off directly onto the floor. I started to laugh, promising Tayeb a new laptop
if I had destroyed it. We checked it later, and luckily, it was working flawlessly.
Overall, I have two main conclusions from my time in London:
First, the doggy style isn’t just a position. It’s a lifesaver. Second, I think we found the
solution to the Middle East conflict: Let each side — both Arabs and Jews — fuck on
the other’s beds.
