Kibbutz 69
Know the rules well, so you can break them effectively. (Dalai Lama XIV)
You know what a kibbutz is, right?
It’s basically a communal settlement in Israel, a concept the socialist movement
started several decades ago in an effort to promote equality. Everyone had to give
away their monetary income to the kibbutz and it would then be distributed equally
among the people. Women were encouraged to be involved in the finances and the
workforce, even to cut their hair short. The goal was creating an egalitarian utopia, a
homogenous society where everyone is the same.
The result?
It failed spectacularly.
Since humans are inherently unequal, the kibbutz people began to redistribute
organically each according to his or her nature. Men naturally tended to be more
involved in the finances of the kibbutz. The ladies in the health system and education
of the kids. And unsurprisingly, high-earners found it unfair to share the rewards of
their hard work with the slothful and the less intellectually fortunate. So things quickly
got back to normal and the concept collapsed. But it left one little side effect:
SLUTS.
The original kibbutz system was like a massive factory manufacturing intelligent girls
with open minds and open legs. Was it because of its ravenous liberalism? Was it
because most of the girls were detached from their parents and raised collectively by
the kibbutz, thus developing emotional issues? I can’t say for sure, but my
experience has taught me that a lot of kibbutz girls are peace and love hippies with a
voracious sexual appetite. So, whenever I visit a kibbutz, I know there’s some golden
pussy to mine.
102Destination Poon
Which brings us right into this story.
One night, many years ago, I go with a friend to drink beer at one of the bars in our
area. I won’t give up the kibbutz name or location, but let’s just say it’s a small place
without too many people.
When we reach the bar, I order a thick pint of stout beer. In less than two minutes,
the bartender brings it to my table and invites herself to sit down with us because the
place is empty. We don’t mind because she has big boobs.
Fast forward an hour.
She’s flipped upside-down in a standing 69 position with her lips wrapped around my
cock. I am a happy man tonight. I use one hand to hold her waist and the other to
lean against a tree. Our rhythm patter on the leaves. I struggle to keep my firm grip. I
don’t want this versatile sexual virtuoso to yank my dick off and land on her head. It’s
an odd place for a tryst, because we’re literally on a dark patch of earth right in the
center of the kibbutz.
This, my friends, is why I love kibbutz girls.
There’s a good sexual synergy between us, so I end up visiting KibbutzBartender
again in two days. But after she fucks me like a champion mare for an hour, her face
becomes filled with an expression I can only describe as guiltless guilt:
“I’m so disappointed in myself, I don’t know what’s happening to me.”
I feel like a stoic philosopher and tell her that she’s not so bad, and that practice
makes perfect. She looks at me, confused, and tells me:
“No no, it’s just that I... I... I have a boyfriend. I’ve never cheated on him before. He’s
been abroad for the past few months.”
103Destination Poon
What am I supposed to say? I feel nothing special. Not for her, and obviously not for
me. Remember: Men do their 1/3 of the work by putting themselves out there, but for
the interaction to end up in sex, women need to grant access and contribute the
other 2/3 of the work. If a woman chooses to cheat, it’s her fault. But I still tell her
that no one is wiser than her own heart — except for me —and that I think she needs
to end their relationship because it’s unfair to him.
Three days later, KibbutzBartender invites me over to her parents’ mansion because
they’re gone for the weekend. Of course I come, because the prospect ignites my
fantasies like a kid before Christmas. What are we going to do? Do they have a
jacuzzi? How many different rooms will I defile? I decide to share the love and bring
my good friend Natty along. I tell KibbutzBartender to bring a friend for him.
Fast forward another two hours.
KibbutzBartender and I are inside the open coliseum of the kibbutz, her lips again
wrapped around my Shlomo. She is seated on a nook in the concrete and is
attached to my cock like a hungry baby to his mom’s nipple. I’m not kidding, she’s so
passionately glued to it she’s like a leech sucking the life force out of me. There’s a
thick bush partly blocking my view from her friend and Natty, who are two dozen
yards away from us and seem to be taking things too slowly. So with
KibbutzBartender still attached to my cock, I excuse one of my hands and grab my
phone to SMS Natty:
“ATTAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAACK!!”
Through the bush, I can see Natty looking at the message, smiling. He then decides
to take things more sexually and lead the girl to what must be the bar where
KibbutzBartender works. It’s closed now, but there are cushioned seats outside for
times just like this. When they disappear into the shadows, I look down on
KibbutzBartender and enjoy the sight of her thoroughly engrossed in enthusiasm.
Ten minutes later, the sour tartness of my sperm explodes across her tongue and
104Destination Poon
coaxes a surprised choke from her throat. She spits it all out. I grin in triumph. THIS
KIBBUTZ IS MINE.
But there’s also something else about her that I notice right there in the coliseum.
Her eyes, they seem to be glowing in... ADMIRATION. Is this girl actually falling in
love with me? We continue and ramble through the howling wind in the open area
around the kibbutz, and she soon begins to try and extract some promise of
commitment from me. But, HELLO, what the fuck do you expect? After cheating on
your boyfriend with me, trying to get me to commit to you is chasing something as
insubstantial a wisp of smoke.
Thirty minutes later, I lead KibbutzBartender to the bar. Natty should be there, and he
should be done with KibbutzBartender’s friend by now. But when we reach the bar, I
discover that he’s not. The scene in front of us is like amateur porn:
THEY’RE STILL MAKING OUT.
What the fuck, Natty? They’re still in foreplay, perhaps a few minutes away from the
actual act itself. Natty looks at me with contempt, because KibbutzBartender’s friend
sees us and stops everything. We have killed their whole sense of intimacy. The girls
begin to talk between themselves, and Natty whispers in my ear:
“YOU FUCKED IT UP! Now we’re fifty-fifty.”
Hahahahahahahaha! Back in the army, we had a special, secluded room people
used to call “the brothel.” It was a room where two soldiers often did some
monitoring shifts, and occasionally it was a male and a female. So OF COURSE it
rapidly blossomed into a rabid mating ground. It became the unofficial empire of the
sluts and studs of our base. Go inside with an ultraviolet lamp and you’ll find enough
dry DNA to map the entire Israeli genome.
But why are we fifty-fifty?
105Destination Poon
One day, I was there there with a Jewish-Russian soldier with a perfect hourglass
figure, massive boobs, and a gigantic baggage of emotional issues. Like
KibbutzBartender, she too had a boyfriend, and we gave each other topless
massages in the room. I was at my most ripped back then, and she was impressed:
“Oh my God, you have the sexiest back I’ve ever seen.”
Things started to escalate, and just when I was about to penetrate and temporarily fill
the void in her broken soul, there was a loud smack on the door. I was so worried I
instantly crawled down to the damp, disgusting area under the bed. It was full of
spider webs and enough dirt that would make an asthma patient choke to death, but
it was crucial to stay there.
You see, in the army, I was notorious for causing havoc. My discipline commander
once caught me shirtless, in my undies and military boots on, mimicking Axl Rose
with Guns N’ Roses music in the background. IN HIS OFFICE. I managed to get
away from it, but if he caught me having sex — I would have surely gone to jail. And
since the door smacks only intensified, I was sure it was him. He was the only one
who knocked like that.
I felt like a Gecko, crammed under this rusty bed, covered in spider webs, dust, and
the dry DNA of past mischievous soldiers just like me. I tried to curl my legs as much
as I could so that when SexyRussian opened the door, he wouldn’t be able to see
me. She quickly put her shirt and shoes on again, and it took her a minute to
summon enough fortitude to open the door. But when she did, I discovered the
knocks didn’t belong to my discipline commander. They belonged to...
NATTY!
That’s why he’s just said we’re fifty-fifty. Mother Karma gives him a lesson. We have
both cockblocked each other. We’re even now. Natty, you know I still love you.
But the real disturbing part begins when both Natty and I go with KibbutzBartender to
106Destination Poon
her home. Her friend has left because she had to wake up early. And since we’re all
exhausted by now, we’re just lying on her bed, mumbling in the semiconscious state
you drift in before you fall asleep. She falls asleep first, and a stroke of Reggie
kinship inspires me to whisper to Natty:
“Pss, pss! Natty, you wanna bang her with me? Don’t worry, I’ll do the talking.”
But Natty refuses. He never does things like that. For some strange reason, he
always prefers not to mess with the “loot” of his friends. That’s strange, because I
have no emotions for this girl and couldn’t care less. Fuck you, Natty, you’re a better
man than I am.
So when Natty falls asleep, I wake KibbutzBartender up and take her to the
bathroom where she sucks my dick. I also fuck her from behind as she leans against
the white marble sink. But since I forgot to bring any condoms with me, I pull out and
fire a barrage of seed across the entire marble bathroom. There’s so much sperm
that I feel sorry for whoever has to clean it up tomorrow. We then leave the bathroom
and the sympathy leaves my mind.
But it is also then when a crucial turn of events takes place. KibbutzBartender comes
close to my ear and whispers softly, partly licking it with her tongue:
“Reggie, you guys have to leave. I have a Torah exam in four hours.”
WHAT?
THIS CAN NOT BE HAPPENING.
This hits my head like a brick. HOW OLD IS SHE? Am I a pedophile? Did I mess
with a minor? I immediately shoot back:
“TORAH EXAM?”
107Destination Poon
She looks at me, confused.
“What do you mean? I have an exam in Torah tomorrow.”
“HOW OLD ARE YOU?”
“I was sixteen last month.”
F-U-C-K.
FUCKKKKKK!
FUCKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKK!!
AM I GOING TO JAIL?
You know those moments when you feel really fucked beyond salvation? When you
know there’s absolutely nothing you can do to save the situation? This was one of
those times. I feel heaviness infusing my whole body, like there’s lead in my veins.
Goodbye, rest of my life.
This girl was so developed, both physically and mentally, that I had no doubt she
was in her twenties. And also, SHE WORKS AS A FUCKING BARTENDER! How
can a minor sell alcohol? It’s prohibited by law. I ask her:
“HOW THE FUCK ARE YOU WORKING AS A BARTENDER IF YOU’RE SIXTEEN?”
“The owner doesn’t mind, and I am very mature!”
MATURE DOESN’T GET MY ASSHOLE OUT OF JAIL.
We soon leave and I live under this black cloud of fear for months, the whole time
hoping for KibbutzBartender to still be locked in her surreal world of admiration and
108Destination Poon
love for me. But I was sick of it one day, so I went into the Israeli law website and
discovered that you can only be sentenced to jail if the girl is... drum roll please:
UNDER 16!
OH. MY. GOD. I LOVE YOU MOTHER FORTUNA! MY LIFE IS SAVED BY A MERE
MONTH!
Ever since this accident, KibbutzBartender still calls to wish me a happy birthday
every single year. The last call she gave me was an hour after diving in the Red Sea.
She said:
“I will never, ever forget our sex. It’s one of those times you just can’t forget. It was
really one of a kind.”
Unlike men, women never forget exciting lovers from their past. Another reason to
avoid girls with a high notch count. I held my tongue for a few seconds before I said:
“Yeah, no doubt it was one of a kind.”
