Destination Poon
Destination Poon
All events from this book are real. Some names, features, ages, and locations were
changed to protect the privacy of some of the persons involved.
Disclaimer
Always consult a professional before undertaking any advice in this book. I expressly
disclaim responsibility from anything that may result from the use or application of
the information provided. Seriously, don’t do anything stupid.
Copyright 2015 by Regev Elya.
All rights reserved. It is strictly prohibited to use any part of the publication without
my prior consent.
All registered trademarks in this book are property of their respective owners.
1Destination Poon
Dedication
In memory of Evonne and Fraji Elya, my amazing grandparents who recently
passed away. Thanks for nurturing, keeping us all united, and teaching dozens of
little grandkids that life is just a big playground full of love, opportunities and trees to
climb. You are sorely missed.
2Destination Poon
Preface
Two roads diverged in a wood, and I... I took the one less traveled by, and that has
made all the difference. (Robert Frost)
Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn’t
do than by the ones you did do. So throw off the bowlines. Sail away from the safe
harbor. Catch the trade winds in your sails. Explore. Dream. Discover. (Mark Twain)
I've nailed more women than I could count... at least I think they were women. (Hugh
Hefner)
How would your life look if you could wake up every morning and do whatever you
wanted, wherever you wanted, whenever you wanted? Would you go skiing in the
Alps? Would you go bathe in the green pastures of the Caucasus? Would you go
hike the steep volcanoes of Central America? Would you just go and find some
tropical paradise to build a house in? How many exotic sexual liaisons would you
enjoy? And when exactly would you... get sick of this peripatetic lifestyle?
I’m Reggie, and I’m trying to answer those questions every day.
My life has been pretty unusual over the past decade. After finishing my three years
of military service, I joined the best university in Israel... only to drop out after three
weeks. I couldn’t see the point of memorizing details when everything can be looked
up on Google in three seconds. I could also see where that path was leading, and I
didn’t want to go there. I didn’t want to end up as a high-paid office drone with a fat
wife.
I dropped out a day after seeing something on TV, “Two Teenagers Make $12,000 a
Month, Working 6 Hours a Week From The Laptop on the Beach.” HOLY CRAP! At
that moment, everything changed. I had no idea how I was going to do it, but I
trusted myself to figure it all out. The idea of living in the rat race for forty years was
more painful than the idea of working my ass off to escape it. The goal was a lifestyle
3Destination Poon
of complete freedom.
And the rest is history.
Things have worked out well. After teaching myself all about human psychobiology,
persuasion, sales, and marketing, I now own a couple of online and offline
businesses. The good part? I engineered them all to produce passive income, to
leave me out of the equation so that I could be free and travel the world.
As a result, I now live the life of my dreams. I’ve been to about a fourth of the world’s
countries, traveling solely on passive income, on affiliate commissions, royalties from
companies I’m invested in, from my own products’ sales. Wherever I go, income
keeps pouring in. From jungles in Costa Rica to temples in Cambodia, from villages
in Kosovo to flower fields in the Netherlands, from beaches in Thailand to mountains
in Armenia, life has been like a dream, except that I’ve never had to wake up. But
with great power, comes great responsibility.
And great responsibility never was one of my virtues.
You see, the world is full of temptations of all kinds. You go to remote jungles and
find virgins who have never seen a white man before. You go on the travel trail and
find travelers of all cultures — Christians and Jews, Americans and Japanese — all
flocking to exotic pieces of paradise where they interact with each other and... have
sex.
Travel allowed me to indulge in all my instincts, unhindered by any rules except
those I made, and I broke most of those too. I always try to push the line. I always try
to see how absurdly wrong things can get, how far I can stretch the limits of what is
possible, acceptable, and above all — sexually unimaginable. And while I may not
always enjoy the outcome, somehow I always make it out alive to enjoy another day
and share my stories with the world.
Destination Poon is a unique collection of the craziest adventures I had in the past
4Destination Poon
decade. Some of these stories are so disturbing, editing houses refused my money
because they didn’t feel comfortable with the material. It could be a dangerous book
to read. Little boys might escape school and voyage out to the mountains of
Mongolia. Little girls might have their hymen torn only by reading the first couple of
chapters. You have been warned.
As if you’re Alice down the the rabbit hole, I’m going to pull you into my reality. And
no, this book is not some seditious dogma trying to make you follow my lifestyle. It is
NOT for everyone. Rather, Destination Poon is aimed to incite you to fearlessly live
life on your own terms, whatever that is for you. Because it’s really not about me, or
about the sex. In between the lines, Destination Poon is a celebration of life and the
serendipity that it brings to those who seek it. Because from a genetic standpoint, all
achievements of mankind are the result of men’s pursuit of pussy. To pursue poon is
to pursue life. To celebrate poon is to celebrate life.
Wait! It’s not all.
The stories are crafted to drill deeply into your psyche and embed life changing
lessons in your ID. How can you alter your attitude to better attract more adventure,
more gorgeous women, and more success into your life? How can you increase your
testosterone and feel like Wolverine? How can you avoid armed robbery? How can
you increase your social value wherever you go? How can you remain calm, even in
the face of adversity? How can you convince women to let you try their breastmilk?
Destination Poon has got it all!
For the past year, I have dedicated my life to writing this book. I was consumed with
a burning desire. I put everything else on hold. I’ve changed my environment
numerous times. Changing your environment injects you with the kind of energy that
feeds creativity, and anything else other than making this book great was a
compromise I was unwilling to make. This is the result.
My future daughters, close this book immediately and keep your human decency
intact. My future sons... enjoy. Daddy expects you to act just like him.
5Destination Poon
Oh, and as I’m writing this preface, I’m on an airplane, returning from Budapest.
Right next to me, there’s a cute Hungarian girl who told me she’s a horse therapist
and a pole dancer. I smiled. I know this archetype all too well:
“Daddy issues!”
We talked for an hour about her childhood, and she told me:
“Wow, you really took me to a journey into my past. I never connected between all
those things!”
She was intrigued and wanted to read a few chapters from the book. I tried to warn
her:
“Believe me, it’s not for you.”
She insisted:
“I’m a hard person to shock!”
Alright, alright! Fuck it. I let her read it.
Less than two minutes later, she was blushing — red as an apple — and excused
herself to the toilet. I don’t know if she went to masturbate or pee. Probably both.
When she returned, she asked me:
“What... did you... do... to me?”
I smiled.
“I told you.”
6Destination Poon
“You didn’t tell me it was a porn book!”
Welcome to my life,
Regev “Reggie” Elya.
7Destination Poon
The Russian Flight Attendant
Good judgment can come from bad experiences; good experiences can come from
bad judgments. The key in all of this is to trust chance, and to steer it in such a way
that you’re always learning from it. (Rolf Potts, Vagabonding)
I hold a very special affinity for flight attendants. Not only are they one of the best
looking sub-niches of girls out there — they’re also a logistical challenge and a great
test of your seductive prowess. Also, nurturing people on a daily basis, they have
healthy maternal instincts and a gentle mothering side. They’ll fuck you, cook dinner
for you, and then massage you in the shower.
But... what happens when you mix all that with Made-In-Russia DNA? You should
cross your fingers for Mother Fortuna, because you can either get a complete
disaster, or a beautiful story of mischief.
This story happened on a flight from Tel Aviv to Cancun. It’s about fifteen hours if you
go direct, but I had a ten-hour stopover in Munich, Germany. Usually, whenever I
have such a big chunk of time in between flights, I’ll unpack my laptop in an airport
Starbucks and sit down to work on my business. Only this time, there was a more
delicious dish on the menu. There was... a potential high-octane story to add to
Reggie’s archives.
As I sit down in one of Munich’s airport cafes, two impressive, hot blondes enter the
place. They have those long, perfect Eastern European legs that make heads turn,
and the fresh vitality you can instantly recognize by the way one carries herself. Best
part? They choose to sit on a table right next to mine.
GAME ON.
But... these are not regular girls. They’re on the highest scale of beauty. They get hit
on every single day, and the worst thing I can do is shower them with attention and
dumb questions like most guys. So, after ten minutes of letting their conversation
8Destination Poon
cool off, I decide it’s time to unleash some Reggie magic.
“Let me ask you something, girls. Answer intuitively. Don’t think too much.”
The look of curiosity and intrigue on their faces is obvious. Seems like they’ve been
subconsciously waiting for me to talk to them. I guess that’s why they were sitting
right next to my table. Time for action, Reggie.
Vagina Status: BLOSSOMING.
I then show them an article on my laptop. It’s something I wrote in Hebrew about the
nature and science behind beauty, and I had been working on it at the coffee shop. I
ask them to rate each girl from the photos in the article and guess their personality
attributes. They lean in. They’re attracted to me. They’re about to be mine.
“This one has a good heart, you can see it in her eyes!”
“This girl is beautiful, but she is evil... she looks manipulative.”
“That girl hides something. There’s something mysterious about her...”
The girls are surprised to discover how similar their judgments are. They start
showering me with all kinds of questions about what exactly I do. Of course, none of
their questions matters as much as the fact that they’re being asked. When a girl
asks you questions, that’s one of the most reliable signs of poon petals flowering in a
vortex of attraction.
I end up talking — no, enthralling - them for about twenty minutes. They’re deeply
focused and attentive, like two nerds in an astronomy class. It feels as if they’re on a
job interview and I am the big, arrogant boss trying to decide which of them is a
better candidate. This is why I love talking to two hot girls at the same time: You give
them both equal attention, and since they aren’t sure which of them you prefer, they
get mindfucked and battle for you. You’re low supply and high demand. And as one
9Destination Poon
of my friends, Tim, likes to say, “Now you have choice.”
But, there’s always one problem... getting them separated. If you’re out in a
nightclub with a friend, it’s simple, but not so much when you’re alone in a distant,
foreign land. So what did I do? Do I have some secret formula? Sorry, there is none.
Sometimes, all you need is a just little push from Mother Fortuna. One of the girls
says:
“I really have to go now.”
“Let me guess... toilet.”
“Hahahaha, no! We’re flight attendants. Lots of work!”
“What airline?”
“It’s a high-class company that serves Russian millionaires and oligarchs.”
She leaves me with the other girl — let’s call her RussianFlightAttendant — a
feminine, slender, beautiful blonde girl that combines an aura of natural purity with
the initiative and sensibility of a flight attendant. There’s something very soft and
mellow about her. I want my Shlomo inside this woman. Why she stays after her
friend left, I have no idea. They both work at the same airline. Anyway, I welcome the
advantageous turn of events.
RussianFlightAttendant and I go for a stroll around the airport. About ten minutes
later, we sit inside an empty airport bar and order two glasses of red wine. All the
while, her body faces me, and I send “innocent” touches to her thighs as I talk. I want
her to become accustomed to my touch. We talk about human nature, evolution, and
travel. Russia must be a smart nation indeed, because this flight attendant here is
more interesting than the majority of girls I’ve ever met. She’s deep and insightful:
“This job allows me to travel, but I’m not sure I’ll stay for long. It’s not a very positive
10Destination Poon
environment. Those millionaires think they can buy everything with money. You
should see how lonely many of them are.”
An hour later, I decide it’s a good idea to go hang out in the city. I have plenty of time
to kill, and it’s night time:
“Let’s ride the train to the city center. There must be plenty of bars there.”
She smiles and complies.
We go out of the airport and start walking to the nearby train station. But...
FUCK.
An infusion of frozen air hits my lungs, and my breath begins to make misty clouds.
Sharp, icy snowflakes bite into the exposed parts of my skin as the wind whips them
into blinding swirls. It’s so frigid it’s painful. And if there’s one thing I can’t cope with,
it’s cold. I’ve bungeed off one of the highest platforms on Earth, spent time in military
jail, survived brutal motorbike and horse accidents, but threaten to send me to
Iceland without three layers of wool, and I’ll prefer to be your BITCH for a month
instead.
Frostbitten, I walk to the station. It’s a very short walk, a minute only, but it’s so
fucking cold my sperm must be frozen by the time we get there. I had forgotten how
freezing Germany can be in winter, and it’s January now. These temperatures don’t
exist in Israel. Remember that scene from The Day After Tomorrow, when they are
so desperately cold they begin to burn Bibles to keep themselves warm? That’s how
cold it feels. I make a mental note never to leave a German airport on a winter night.
Just a few minutes later, my body fires up its survival mechanisms, all systems shut
down, and I stop talking, trying to conserve energy. Fuck it, I decide to head back:
“Alright, we’re making a U-turn. Let’s go back to the airport.”
11Destination Poon
She seems confused. Men are biologically the assertive and risk-taking sex, so I
lean in to kiss her. Because if I hadn’t and she would have refused to go back to the
airport, the story would be over. I had to spike some fire. But... not your lucky day,
Reggie. She lowers and turns her head away slightly. It doesn’t feel much like a true
rejection, more like a good Russian village girl genuinely interested, but trying her
best not to appear like a slut.
BUT FUCK THAT, I’M FREEZING.
I focus my gaze on her and frown. This awkward, pregnant moment is amusing to
me. I use one of my maxims:
When in doubt how to respond to a girl, imagine yourself getting a blowjob in a
jacuzzi. Mold your state of mind, summon that carefree attitude, and then respond.
The right words and actions will come out naturally.
So what do I do? Since women expect men to push the envelope, I pull
RussianFlightAttendant’s face, kiss her lips, and immediately push her away and
storm back to the escalator leading to the warm airport. I knew she wouldn’t follow
me had I not demonstrated some courageous authenticity. And Reggie rarely
declines a test of greatness.
But as I move toward the escalator, I manage to catch a glimpse of her face... and
oh boy... she looks FURIOUS! Her face is as red as the wine we had earlier. Is it
because of the kiss? Is it because I left her behind in the station with a bunch of
dodgy, homeless bums around her? I don’t know. I don’t care. It’s COLD.
Five minutes later, I see RussianFlightAttendant storming back up the escalator. She
looks like a mad Moroccan wife, moments after discovering her husband was
cheating on her with a goat. I look at her, and she turns her wine-red face away in
furious protest. The funniest part? She STOMPS on the ground like an angry eight-
year-old as she walks past me. So what did I do? Go to apologize and ask for
forgiveness? Of course not. Girls don’t fancy a soft man. Do that, and you’ve lost the
12Destination Poon
conquest.
Besides, nothing could dilute my satisfaction of reaching a proper-temp environment
again. Know that feeling when you’re taking a steamy shower in the freezing winter,
and you’re suddenly out of hot water with shampoo still on your hair? You wash off
the remaining suds as fast as possible, storm out to cocoon yourself in your warm
bed and goose-down blanket, and then suddenly you begin to appreciate things in
life you usually take for granted. That’s how good getting back to the airport felt.
Also, I had a gut-feeling she’d come back. Listen closely, gentlemen, and write these
words on your mirror so you see them every morning when your brush your teeth:
Love and hate are not opposites, but two sides of the same coin. The worst state you
can put a girl in is boredom, a complete lack of interest, with no emotional
investment in you. Her having an extreme surge of negative energy toward you is
much better than no energy at all. With a little bit of social Aikido, you can later
channel that energy into a fruitful fire of sexual attraction.
After RussianFlightAttendant storms past me, I find a metal airport bench where I
can rest my tired body. I cover my face, trying to avoid the glimmering ambient light
above my head. And though it’s not at all comfy, I am so exhausted I immediately
drift off into a deep sleep.
As usual, my gut feeling didn’t betray me. About two hours later, with dreams racing
back and forth between the two hemispheres of my brain, I am suddenly awaken by
a soft touch prodding my right cheek. Is that a dog? Is that a maid cleaning the floor,
unintentionally touching me with her broom? Perhaps my Israeli passport, bulging
out of my pocket, attracted some German dude associated with the Nazi movement?
Lo and behold:
It’s RussianFlightAttendant in all her blond, slender glory. She says:
“I.... I felt there was really something between us...”
13Destination Poon
Apparently, two hours of letting her emotions stew was all it took to bring her back
from a hateful Putin mode to the sensitive, nurturing lady that she ultimately is. And
also, one of the rudiments of effective marketing was at play: SCARCITY. The fear of
loss is one of the greatest motivators of mankind. RussianFlightAttendant knew I’d
be gone in the morning, so she had to act now — or else lose me and forever
wonder... what if?
“I couldn’t fall asleep... I kept thinking about you, so I came back. I was looking for
you for the last hour and a half! Please come with me...”
What? Come where? She grabs my hand and leads my half-sleeping ass outside the
airport.
This was so fucking strange. I really couldn’t tell what was happening. She had the
face of a Mongol rebel admitting defeat, suddenly asking to change sides and help
Genghis Khan. You can’t be sure whether he’s truthful or just trying to take Genghis
down. What the fuck is RussianFlightAttendant really planning to do?
“Please come to my hotel, it’s only a three-minute walk.”
Immediately, I stop. Yes, it’s still fucking freezing, but there’s something else, much
scarier. The whole story of how she was working for a private Russian millionaires’
airline suddenly got to me. Is this a fucking trap? For a moment, I thought she had
some vicious plan of attack in mind and had arranged a group of big Russian dudes
to wait in her hotel room and turn my bones into fairy dust, only because I had
infuriated her earlier.
RussianFlightAttendant holds my hand and keeps pushing me to follow her. But I just
stand there — in the fucking cold — running a statistical analysis in my head. I
estimate a 50% chance of this being a genuine offering, and another 50% being a
KGB-like special mission to smash both my skull and ego.
So... what did I do? Did I listen to the alarm bells going off in my head? Was I
14Destination Poon
responsible and mature enough to go back to the airport and save myself from
trouble? Did I reach the inevitable conclusion that life is too precious to lose to some
mad Russian girl? Seriously, what would you do?
OF COURSE I followed her. She was a hot blonde with a functional poon, and that’s
all the edge needed to seduce a man to take a chance with straight up death. When
your dick wakes up, your brain goes to sleep. Actually, men have two brains, but only
one can be turned on at any given time.
We get in the elevator. She presses 5. We slowly go up, and the door soon opens.
This place is as lavish as it gets. The walls on the right are covered in some fluffy
decorative textures. The walls on the left are transparent, so through them I can see
the entire lobby, with all its palm trees. How the fuck did they get palm trees to grow
in Germany? They must be fake, but they appear to be completely real. Wait,
perhaps this is all just a dream?
When we reach her room, RussianFlightAttendant inserts the key into the knob.
Fuck! A surge of adrenaline spreads through my blood, warming my veins with
memories from my Krav Maga and Thai boxing training. Am I about put my martial
arts skills to use? I begin to reminisce about happy moments from life, because this
whole situation has a very vague, sinister feeling attached to it. But oh, the potential
reward. So promising. So pure. So magnificent. What could have better launched a
trip on the right foot than banging a sexy, blonde Russian flight attendant during a
stopover?
I anticipate action. RussianFlightAttendant rotates the key, and soon there’s the
metal clucking sound of a door-knob. She looks at me with a naive, submissive face.
Is this all a part of the act? Am I in a trap? Am I about to get ambushed by a bunch of
Russians? This is the moment. She then swings the door open, and I find myself
standing right there in the doorway, frozen in place by the sight in front of me.
HOLY CRAP.
15Destination Poon
There are three massive Russian men...
Alright, I kid, I kid!
When RussianFlightAttendant opens the door, I slowly step into a glamorous room
with warm, dim light, and the tidiness that only a woman can keep. The room is
empty of people. It’s safe. She walks to the dresser and takes out a clean towel and
a soap bar, looking at me with shy Bambi eyes. I stink badly from the previous
shower-less day of my flight, so I take the towel and soap and head to the shower.
RussianFlightAttendant goes “to sleep.” I cover myself with suds and take a good,
long time under a fiery steam of free flowing water. When I’m done, I wrap myself
with the towel and go toward her bed.
She’s there, “sleeping”, curled up like a fetus with her back to me. I throw my towel
down and get in her bed naked. Within just a few seconds, I pull her toward me. The
room smells like a concoction of soap and pheromones. There’s no time for playing
games. I have a flight to Mexico in four hours. And we were both expecting this
moment, drawn to each other in that mesmerizing way bold men and beautiful
women have been since time immemorial, long before language and tools were ever
invented. We begin to cuddle and deeply inhale each other’s scent. I don’t know if all
Russian girls smell like her, but it’s a captivating smell. Like pollen to a bee. Very
soon, our precious organs begin to rub against each other. She begins to speak
passionately, in a submissive voice:
“Oh my God... you’re the most masculine man I’ve ever met.”
Ah, if only she had met my uncle Avi! He’s an old-school, brute human being,
capable of silencing a room merely by his mighty presence. When he was a kid, he
had to quit boxing because he was injuring too many kids with his knockouts. As a
teenager, he could penetrate watermelons with a single strike of his index finger. As
an adult, thieves once broke into his house and stole expensive things when he was
on vacation. They came back a few days later — once they realized it was his house
— to return it all and ask for forgiveness. Compared to him, I’m as masculine as
16Destination Poon
Marilyn Monroe.
Obviously, RussianFlightAttendant and I end up having sex. But it was no normal
feeling. We were both on the same wavelength. She was closing her eyes in
passion, completely submissive, moaning like an ex-nun on her first sex. I felt like
Zeus fucking Aphrodite. It was the hottest, most blazingly passionate one night stand
I’ve ever had in my entire life. Perhaps the only one where, afterwards, I actually
caught myself feeling... something.
FUCK, DID I JUST SAY THAT?
We wake up to the sound of her alarm clock. Time to leave. My flight departs in two
hours. RussianFlightAttendant takes my phone and adds herself as a friend on my
Facebook. She escorts me to her door, and there’s a sad, disappointed expression
on her face. She wants me to stay. I kinda want to stay here too. But... MEXICO,
TRAVEL, ADVENTURE. I smile, give her a genuine hug, and go down the elevator.
The rising sun is trying to break through the gloom of early morning. That awesome
high one gets after scoring a new sexual conquest sets in, and I walk to the airport
with that glowing aura, that sense of achievement. As I stand in line to check in, I
begin to reflect. How is it that I’ve managed to pull off such an epic act in such a
short window of time? How is it that I always go all-in and end up winning the pot? I
can only think of one explanation:
He who cares least about the outcome, wins.
If you want to stand a good chance at the ruthless banter of the sexual market, you’ll
have to cultivate a fearless, playful state of mind where you just don’t give a fuck. It’s
not easy — I’m not a fucking monk — but engage in activities that make you feel
better (aka manlier), and this attitude of charismatic, stress-free ease will be
organically built to a point where it triggers limbic pulses of passion in women, at
least in hot Russian flight attendants. Engineer a lifestyle that cultivates that mindset,
and a world of tactile pleasure is soon to be yours.
17Destination Poon
I took a few naked photos, but RussianFlightAttendant deleted them all. Here’s the
only relic from that night (face censored to protect her privacy):
18Destination Poon
The Spermy Jewish Revenge
It is fatal to know too much at the outset. Boredom comes as quickly to the traveler
who knows his route as to the novelist who is over certain of his plot. (Paul Theroux)
If you’re ever going to travel, you’ll do yourself a great favor by planning less and
carrying as little as possible. Why? Because dragging a gigantic piece of luggage
around is the easiest way to ruin your experience, kill your flexibility, and make your
travels ridiculous. On the other hand, being unburdened by physical constraints lets
you jump on adventures as they find you. Meticulous preparation is mostly futile,
because plans naturally tend to morph into something entirely different. Besides,
what’s the fucking point of knowing exactly what’s going to happen?
So... I never plan anything, or carry much. If I have no need for a laptop, I’ll usually
go completely bagless, and fit all my belongings in the pockets of a single set of
merino wool clothes. Wool is naturally anti-microbial, so it never stinks. When I do
carry a laptop, I’m usually so fucking lazy — perhaps irresponsible — that I never
use it to book accommodation in advance. Such was the time when a month after
the Russian Flight Attendant story, I found myself on Caye Caulker, a remote
Caribbean island in Belize.
I arrive at night and discover that most accommodation places are already closed.
It’s a third-world island, where locals wake up and go to sleep by the circadian
rhythm of nature. The places that are still open, literally all of them are fully booked.
I’ve checked every single one of them. Now, what do I do? Sleep outside? Not a very
good idea, especially if you take into consideration the menacing, beast-like size of
the locals. How the fuck can they be so massive? One huge Jamaican friend of mine
told me their DNA is the result of an artificial genetic selection made by Americans to
produce strong, massive slaves. So... where do I sleep tonight? Wait, I have an
idea...
POON HUNTING.
19Destination Poon
I do the mature thing and go all over the island in search of prey, an impressionable,
emotionally unstable chick to spend the night with. This Caribbean paradise is full of
all kinds of wooden structures, and after a short walk, I find one that looks like a
nightclub. It’s a tall wooden building, connected to the sand by a narrow, spiral
staircase. There are two bouncers with dreadlocks smoking hash by the entrance.
They look as if they’ve just been farted out of an elephant’s ass. I high five them and
walk in.
Once inside, I immediately spot a girl with a huge, curly, lion-like blond mane. I
approach her and her friends, and though I can’t remember exactly what I said to
them, I do remember her saying she was Dutch. I replied:
“I love Holland.”
I really do. One of her friends, a good looking, barefoot German girl, interrupts our
conversation:
“It’s not Holland, it’s the Netherlands!”
Her eyes tell me all I need to know. That’s my prey! Mother Fortuna is on my side
tonight. In a stroke of Reggie Genius, I turn my head over the shoulder, look
BarefootGerman in the eyes, and say:
“You sure?”
“Of course!”
“A hundred percent?”
“Yes!”
I offer her a deal she can’t refuse:
20Destination Poon
“Let’s make a deal. If Holland isn’t the same as the Netherlands, I’ll buy you a whole
expensive lobster tomorrow. But if you’re wrong, I’m going to sleep in your bed
tonight while you sleep outside.”
Of course, I won’t let her sleep outside. I said it just so she won’t think I have sexual
intentions, and feel like a whore if she agrees. And no woman, even the sluttiest of
sluts, wants to feel that way. BarefootGerman says:
“You’re going to lose $50. You sure?”
She seems so sure of herself she makes me doubt my knowledge. Fuck it, I have
nowhere to sleep. I’m going all in.
Now, I do know that Holland was once a name for only a specific area inside the
Netherlands. But I’m pretty sure Holland is the second official name for the whole
Netherlands these days. We both look at DutchLion, who is entertained by our
banter. We ask her to be the judge. Guess what? I’m right! Another pitiful loss for the
German nation — Jewish revenge is about to be served. I hang out with the girls for
a short while, trying to rush BarefootGerman back to her place. I’m frazzled and
drained, and I don’t know where it is. But she demurs:
“I’m not really letting you sleep in my place!”
“So your words mean nothing?”
“Uhhmmm... I barely know you!”
“No matter how good your other traits are, if you can’t be trusted — you’re worth
shit.”
This is one of my favorite lines.
“Uhhhh... but...”
21Destination Poon
“Shhhhh, let’s go.”
She glares at me at first, but I smile heedlessly. She shrugs. When you don’t give a
fuck, people are more welcome to your demands. After a short walk, we reach her
cheap-shit hostel dorm. Outside, there’s a group of four bulky English posers
working out, shirtless, with TRX workout straps. You could just tell they’re only trying
to impress the four English girls that are surrounding them. Ha! I exclaim:
“Is this a gay party?”
I have no problems with gays — I even have a famous gay cousin, Eliad Cohen —
but apparently, they do. They immediately look at me with animosity. One of the girls
tries to defend them. I tell her she has the same hair as my grandma. Women don’t
like to feel old. The men become embarrassed, immediately end their workout, and
leave. Some of their women gather around me and begin to flirt. I am the new alpha
of Caye Caulker. I LOVE THIS ISLAND. As the guys walk away in defeat, I notice
another English girl, and one glimpse of her body tells me she’s a lesbian. I ask her if
my guess is correct. She leans in closer and whispers in my hear:
“Oh my God, how did you know?”
I explain to her that an overdose of testosterone in the mother’s womb may express
itself in the waist-to-hip ratio of the offspring. She is impressed, and we end up
becoming good friends. What can I say? Biology connects people.
BarefootGerman returns from her room, showered and in new clothes, but again with
no shoes. I freak out for a moment, because barefoot people are more likely to
contaminate you with STD’s. But I decide it’s a worthy compromise given the
circumstances. We begin to talk outside on a hammock. I ask her:
“So how does it feel?”
22Destination Poon
She looks at me, confused:
“What?”
“Losing both a bet and a bed.”
“You’re evil!”
I smile. I then show her some of the travel photos on my smartphone. She’s excited.
I offer to go to the beach to show her “something amazing!” What exactly, I have
zero idea. But she’s in. A few minutes later, we’re sitting on top of a wooden deck by
the water. I tell her that I know more about her than she thinks. She’s excited:
“Reeeeeeaaaaallly??? Tell me!”
“You have some traumatic memories from childhood.”
“Oh my God, how do you know?”
Reggie the Manipulative Son of a Bitch.
How do I know? This girl travels Belize, barefoot, on her own. Girls with abnormal
risk-taking behaviors are almost always either lesbians, high testosterone girls, or
simply chicks with repressed emotional wounds from childhood. Since
BarefootGerman is agreeable and feminine, I figure she belongs to the latter group.
For some reason — perhaps an escape, perhaps just an escapade — long-term solo
travel seems to attract a surprisingly large concentration of promiscuous, nutty
basketcases. Courageous, risk-taking, unchaste behavior isn’t much of problem for
men, because we’re physiologically and psychologically more equipped to deal with
it, but it’s a very unhealthy lifestyle for a woman. Ironically, many of those crazies
travel the world without the emotional capacity to fully experience it.
23Destination Poon
After about ten minutes of talking, BarefootGerman and I begin to kiss under the
moon. I then lead us away until we find an empty boat to do what men and women
do. Yes, we had sex. But it was truly a horrifying experience.
You see, BarefootGerman has a very pretty face, a soft voice, and an overall gentle
and feminine personality. Her legs are her most powerful weapons, putting even Lara
Croft in her twenties to shame. Nothing about her looks is alarming, and she’s
definitely an attractive girl by any standard. But as I got her naked, I was shocked.
Layers of blubber exposed themselves, busted red-handed under the moon like an
illuminated Michelin man. What the...?
FUCK, I WAS FOOLED.
Know that kind of loose outerwear girls drape on their bodies? She was wearing one
of those. And her huge boobs suspended it so high into the air that it just hovered
loose, hiding her fat rings. Discovering them was a shock, because she had an
otherwise perfect body. Fondling her amazing legs, the last thing I expected to find
were vicious fat rings on her torso. I feel deceived, but there’s no going back. I have
to sleep somewhere tonight, even if that means selling my dick and soul to the lords
of carbohydrate consumption. But hey, just remember who fucked who.
By the time I’ve worked through the emotions of surprise and repulsion, I’m inside
BarefootGerman, watching my Shlomo disappearing into her young, nineteen-year
old womb. Her boobs are extraordinarily large, so I quickly change my focus and
gaze on them instead of the blubber. Right there, on the boat, her nipples are
illuminated by the moon, looking like the tips of two delicious extra-large doughnuts.
We fuck once, go over to her dormitory, and fall asleep on the upper bed of a bunk.
The girl below gives us a look of envy and contempt. Fuck her, she can’t expect
much when she’s chosen to spend no more than $10 for accommodation.
BarefootGerman ends up being quite a nice girl, so the next day we go and rent a
private bungalow on the west side of the island. Over the next three nights, we end
up having a lot of privacy and sex. I discover a unique tactic that works like a charm:
24Destination Poon
I just stare at her ass, boobs, or legs — which are all magnificently perfect — and
avoid at all costs looking at her belly. Around our bungalow, there are so many
iguanas I have to use a flashlight when it’s dark, trying to avoid stepping on one and
getting green lizard goo all over me. And yes, I fear lizards. Fuck you.
During our time together, what really stands out is the night when BarefootGerman
gave me our first and only blowjob. It was when she was going to take a shower, and
I just stepped in, removed my pants, and gave her an impish smile as I pointed down
to my crotch. She looked at me in complete terror:
“What?”
“You know what. Kiss Shlomo, you Germans owe the Jews big time.”
“I... I never did that before. I’m only nineteen...”
“Don’t worry, I’ll teach you. Welcome to Blowjobs 101”
Reggie the Professor of the Oral Art.
Now, this girl was the most submissive and servile girl I’ve ever seen. She was so
young she didn’t even have her own opinions, so she ended up acquiescing.
She goes down, and I tell her how to not use her teeth and how to give a proper
blowjob. And I completely believe her that it was her first time. She felt very
inexperienced, and seemed to be in shock. After about twenty minutes, I tell her my
juice is about to come out. She looks partly confused and partly horrified. Her face is
still and motionless, and she has the expression of a little child frozen in the middle
of the road to the sight of a van barreling down at full speed. She manages to
mumble a few words:
“Can you... finish on the wall?”
25Destination Poon
“To be a perfect blowjob, it can only go in one of two places.”
“Uhhh... where?”
“Inside your mouth or on your face.”
“Uhhhh... which one do you prefer?”
“BOTH!”
“Uhhhhhh... ok, ok.”
And..
Aaaaaand......
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaand......
FFFRRRSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSTTTT!
I spray all over her, festooning her whole body with sperm. I jizz so much I begin to
wonder how I could have possibly produced so much semen in less than a day. Is it
the vitamin D from the Caribbean sun? Maybe the pineapples? Is it all the saturated
fat from the coconuts? Who knows. I go back to bed. BarefootGerman stays in the
shower to wash herself. But literally ten seconds later, I hear a loud scream:
“AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!”
“What’s happening in there?” I yell back.
“AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!! THERE’S NO WATER!!!”
“Just shower with cold water.”
26Destination Poon
“NOOOOOOOOOO, THERES’ NO WATER AT ALL! AHHHHHHHHHHHH!”
Hahahahahahahahahahahaha, I begin to laugh so hard I can barely breathe. I yell
back to her:
“Do not hope for an easy life, but for the strength to endure a difficult one.”
I then fall asleep. In the morning, she tells me she had to wait until the water came
back on — TWO HOURS later — because she just couldn’t fall asleep with my
sperm dried up on her body “like glue.” In the afternoon, we part ways. When we hug
goodbye, I tell her:
“THIS IS FOR ALL THE JEWS OUT THERE!”
I say it in German, with a German accent. She smiles and kisses me. She herself
had taught me how to say it. And who knows, maybe I’ll get to see her again in
Germany, or Holland, or the Netherlands, one day. One thing is sure:
The Germans sprayed us with gas, and I’ll keep spraying them with sperm. Don’t you
think that’s fair?
27Destination Poon
I Love You Bebe, You Are Perfect For
Me
Up, sluggard, and waste not life! In the grave will be sleeping enough! (Benjamin
Franklin)
What do you know about El Salvador?
Sure, it’s one of the top surfing destinations in the world. Sure, it’s home to some of
the nicest volcanoes around. And sure, it’s one of Latin America’s most dangerous
and crime ridden nations. And that’s, sadly, why most travelers are so reluctant to
visit. Sadly, because there’s one thing nobody seems to talk about:
El Salvador has some of the most spectacular and ethereal girls in Central America.
If you ever go there, you’ll be blown away by the sheer volume and variety of beauty.
Wherever you walk, you see beautiful, symmetric, mocha-skin Latin faces. Their
large bluish-greenish eyes penetrate your deepest male senses like the unblinking
stare of a nocturnal Bengal tiger from the bushes. Truly gorgeous, Salvadorenas are
nothing like the more indigenous populations of Central America. So upon arrival to
the most popular surfing destination in El Salvador, El Tunco, a nice and pleasant
surprise awaited me.
So nice, in fact, that my stay extended from a few days to almost a full month. I
always prefer staying in one place for a good while, because that way you get to
really experience the local lifestyle. I once met an English bloke who flew from one
country to another every few days. That’s ridiculous, superficial, and exhausting.
Nothing can be done well at that speed, and the multitude of new sights quickly turn
into a blur, piling on one another, forming a confusing, unmemorable experience. On
the other hand, the slow and gradual experience of one place lets you soak up its
nuances and develop depth in your travels.
That being said, all this couldn’t prevent me from feeling a little dispirited after only a
28Destination Poon
week. El Tunco seems to attract groups of surfers, and surfing couples, and I was
possibly one of the only solo travelers at that time. What can I say? Travel can get
quite lonely sometimes. I first tried to alleviate the bad mood by going out with a
Mayan woman, but it ended up with her farting next to me, eventually rushing to the
toilet to conduct a symphony of odious smells and noises. I ran for my life and
figured this woman must be the reason the Mayans predicted the world’s collapse.
They know themselves better than anyone.
My second attempt to hunt poon was a week later. You see, that whole time I had
avoided going to nightclubs because I just didn’t feel like it. But there was a point
where I just got sick of staying in my room at night, dejected and alone. I was having
those doubts and mental crap that everybody feels from time to time. I wanted to
bring back my usual upbeat mood. And nothing does this better than a beautiful
woman. Besides, I was horny. I hadn’t had sex for two weeks. So, I contrived myself
to leave the comfortable safety of my bed and go to a local nightclub, putting on my
unbuttoned shirt and garish agate necklace for added razzle-dazzle. Ladies always
ask me questions about that stone. And I love the ladies.
But when I go to the nightclub, I quickly find myself all alone propped against one of
the gigantic pillars that support the roof. What the...? I must have stood out like a
sore thumb, for a good while, with my flamboyant necklace, cheap flip flops, and
open shirt. And then it hit me: I could just keep standing there like a bozo, wasting
my time, or I could summon what my good friend Natty calls the Reggie Spirit, a
state of mind where taking playful risks triumphs any sense of social self-
preservation.
Yeah, baby. I can do that.
But how do I summon that carefree attitude? How do I ease my psyche back into its
default mode? As always, I resort to that same tactic of mine, trying to call forth the
attitude I’d have had I just enjoyed a blowjob from a hot girl in a hotel jacuzzi. This
rarely disappoints me. And it’s not different this time, because I begin to feel
invincible like Hercules. I then approach a group of the hottest Salvadorian girls in
29Destination Poon
the club. If you’re going to launch a rocket, might as well shoot for the stars and go
all-in. Mediocrity be damned.
I penetrate the group like a dagger. Putting on my impish, carefree grin, I yank one of
the great looking girls toward me. She smiles. My tactic seems to have worked
flawlessly. The right attitude comes back to me. Yes! There will be sex tonight. My
prey is a tiny, sexy professional salsa dancer with a perfect hourglass shape, an
exuberant aura, and an ass so round and fleshy little rodents could use it as a
trampoline.
Personally, I dance like a drowning monkey, but she loves the experience. Probably
because I keep it amusing and make a joke out of it. This is another important lesson
in life: Never get defensive about your flaws, because you can easily turn them into
advantages if you laugh about them. How can this man be so confident about
himself that he isn’t ashamed by this and that? Oh, he’s so attractive! Oh, I wanna
taste his cum!
I keep twirling and spinning SexySalvadorena, throwing her up in the air and
catching her again. With my overgrown beard and chest hair exposed, we must have
looked like Beauty and the Beast. I keep an erogenous, firm grip around her waist,
and an electric energy seems to grow between us.
Her group of friends falls in love with me too. They come and speak to me in turns,
and I feel like one of the tribe now. One of the guys tells me he’s from the army, and
we spend fifteen minutes talking about military stuff as the girls dance together
around us, making all other men in the club drool like hungry hounds. Always
befriend the guys in the group, because if you lead them — you lead the women.
But time is not on our side tonight. It’s already late, and if I want to get that notch — if
I want to get a taste of El Salvador’s most premium of pussies — I have to act fast.
So... I pull SexySalvadorena out of her group and lead her outside for a walk on the
beach. It’s funny, because it feels like we’ve known each other for years. There’s a
contrast about her that I find truly seductive. She’s so energetic and full of life, yet at
30Destination Poon
the same time so shy in a good-girl way. While outside, I try to get her back to my
place:
“Vamos en mi avitacion para excahngar Facebook en mi phone for meeting next
semana.”
Yes, that’s how broken my Spanish is. I didn’t have a smartphone, so I tried to tell
her to come to my room to add her on Facebook so we can meet next week. Of
course, that’s only a way for me to make sex seem accidental when it happens, so
that she doesn’t feel like an easy girl. And though I can feel her ruminating on the
possibility of us having sex, I can also feel her hesitating. Surely, she doesn’t want to
appear like a slut to her friends.
She tells me something in Spanish that my brain decrypts, through her vocal tone
and subtle body language cues, as “My friends are about to leave.” It makes sense,
because the club is about to close. She says she’s going to come back to El Tunco
for me the next weekend. But I know better. One of the basic rudiments of Direct
Marketing is that you should always push for the sale right there when the prospect
is primed and at a hot buying temperature. If the customer goes home to think about
it, she’ll rarely come back.
Reggie the Direct Marketer. Reggie the Savvy Jew.
You see, getting a girl to sleep with you is a lot like getting someone to buy your
product. The only difference is that you are the product and the price is her vaginal
warmth and depth. Embrace the fundamentals of effective sales copy — scarcity,
social proof, and an energetic pitch — and you’ve won more than half the battle.
So, what do I do? As usual, Mother Fortuna comes to my rescue and plants the seed
of genius in my head. In one swift movement, I signal SexySalvadorena to wait
there, and I immediately go to her group of sexy friends and military boyfriends. I tell
them I need to borrow their little friend for ten minutes to exchange details so we can
meet up another day. I put the most naive expression that I can:
31Destination Poon
“Amigos, mi cellular es en mi avitacion. Yo y tu amiga necessitamos go to mi
apartment para exchangar Facebook. Dies minutos, espera!”
I swear to fucking God, for a moment, just a moment, I really believed that. They nod
positively and say:
“Bien! No problema, amigo!”
Now it’s not only Reggie vs. SexySalvadorena. It’s SexySalvadorena vs. her whole
tribe + Reggie. The social forces working on her brain must have been too big for a
tiny, sexy organism like her. And half a minute later, we’re on our way back to my
place, hand in hand like a cheap Hollywood couple.
We reach the doorway of my room. I unlock the door. My room is so minimalistic and
small the bed is right next to the entrance. We get in and sit on my bed. I scoop my
smartphone up and add her on my Facebook, for future fornication in El Tunco...
obviously. I then whisk it away. There’s a pregnant moment of silence, and we both
stare into each other’s eyes. The sexuality in the air is almost thermonuclear. She is
the one to open her mouth first:
“Blah blah blah condom blah blah? yo blah blah protectado blah blah.”
It’s Spanish again, and I don’t understand a word except for condom and protectado.
She must be trying to ask me if I have a condom because she protects herself. Or
maybe not. Who cares? I pull out a condom out of my pocket, and we immediately
ASSAULT each other. Seriously, we were like two industrial-strength magnets flying
into each other, crushing everything in the way in an intense vortex of fiery sexual
attraction.
The heat of intensity leads me to aggressively yank off every piece of her clothing.
They fly everywhere, and my hands soon begin to explore the expanses of her flesh.
When she’s naked, I discover an extremely generous pair of natural boobs.
32Destination Poon
Especially for a girl so tiny. She has a flat, sexy belly, and her salsa ass is even
sexier than I thought. I grab her hair and push her head down. Full compliance. I am
happy. For a moment, I wonder what it would be like to settle here and build a harem
of beauties hungry for my seed. OH, EL SALVADOR, I LOVE YOU.
SexySalvadorena then begin to suck my dick so energetically and so thoroughly that
I quickly lose every bit of a good-girl misconception that I had. Girls, you can’t suck
our dicks so voraciously and still expect us to think of you as the church girl we
thought you were. But we still appreciate your generosity.
When she’s done with her oral magic, SexySalvadorena impales herself on my cock
and rides me like a Texan horse expert on the rodeo ride of his life. It’s spectacular,
and I’m still trying to figure out how a girl so tiny and shy can flip a switch and
become a savage beast in a matter of minutes. Welcome to another day in Reggie’s
life. Those are the kind of questions I have to deal with on a weekly basis.
I then press SexySalvadorena’s chest against the wall — grabbing her hair for both
ardor and leverage — as I begin to penetrate every one of her senses from behind.
She goes completely wild, and the room turns into a rhythmic sequence of loud
smacks as her body hits the wall. A symphony of moans begin to play:
“I LOVE YOU BEBE! STRONG! I LOVE YOU!”
“I LOVE YOU BEBE, YOU ARE PERFECT FOR ME!”
“I LOVE YOU!! STRONG! YES! YOU ARE PERFECT FOR ME! I LOVE YOU BEBE!”
It’s a little spooky when she says that, because her facial expression implies she
really means it. What the fuck? Who says the three forbidden words so quickly? Is
this just the unnatural lingual transition from her mother tongue to English? Perhaps
she had just seen it in some American porn movie? I suppose I’ll never know.
Now, remember, her group of hot friends and military boyfriends are still waiting for
33Destination Poon
us in the club. It was supposed to be “ten minutes.” We come back after half an hour,
and we see them standing outside, all by themselves, in complete darkness. The
party was already over. They welcome SexySalvadorena back and hop in their black
SUV. As they drive off, SexySalvadorena is all over the window, throwing kisses at
me like a six-year old. I think her friends were a little mad, but hey, I was horny. The
world is a better place when I get laid.
Reggie the Breaker of Hearts and Friendships.
And there I am, left alone in the middle of El Tunco, with a big exultant smile of
jubilation on my face. Not because I fucked another hot girl, but because I went to a
club — all by myself, feeling low — and ended up banging the sexiest girl in less
than two hours. I then have an epiphany. I’ve had it backwards all these years:
You shouldn’t wait to feel good to go out. You should go out to make yourself feel
good.
The next morning, I see my Dutch neighbor, a good looking girl in her own right, and
she looks at me with a naughty smile. I’m confused. I ask her:
“What?”
“You made a LOT of noise last night!”
Ha! I completely forgot! The thin wall that separates my room from hers is the very
same wall SexySalvadorena was rhythmically smacking against as I banged her
from behind. I smile and say:
“Hope you enjoyed it as much as I did.”
Later, I tell this story to Moti, an Israeli surfing in El Tunco. And for the rest of the
week, he keeps saying to me:
34Destination Poon
“I LOVE YOU BEBE, YOU ARE PERFECT FOR ME!”
35Destination Poon
The B12-Enriched Mayan Blowjob
Clinton lied. A man might forget where he parks or where he lives, but he never
forgets oral sex, no matter how bad it is. (Barbara Bush)
You know what they say in physics about a moving object? How it tends to remain in
motion? Well, that week in El Tunco, SexySalvadorena gave me all the momentum I
needed.
Two mornings after that passionate night of banging both a poon and a wall, I wake
up and discover a brand new neighbor in one of the rooms next to mine. She’s a
traveler from Guatemala, and she looks good enough for penetration. I immediately
introduce my great self and tell her to join me for a walk on the beach. She complies.
I first take her to Moti and Ron’s room, my Israeli surfer friends. We planned to jump
from El Tunco’s highest rock that day, because the water is finally high enough. Ron
stays ashore to capture the whole thing on camera. Moti climbs to jump, and I go
inside the water with GuatemalanNeighbor. Within just a few minutes, she’s
straddled around me, and we kiss. I struggle to hold on to a rock because the waves
are so fierce they can easily toss us onto the sharp rocks nearby and crush our
bones. Once Moti jumps, I climb up and reach the top.
FUCK!
I look down, and my legs begin to tremble. The water is so shallow you have to time
your jump precisely so that you land on a big wave to cushion your landing.
Otherwise, you may break your legs. I climb back down because I love my life. Moti
ridicules me for the rest of the month. Fuck you, Moti.
After the beach, I go back with GuatemalanNeighbor to our hotel. I feel hungry, so I
tell her to join me and go get some food. The turning point of this story occurs when
she answers:
36Destination Poon
“Ok... but keep in mind that I don’t eat meat.”
“Vegetarian?”
“Vegan. No meat, eggs, fish, dairy. ”
“Where do you get your vitamin B12 from?”
“Hmmm... I’m not sure.”
“You know, one of my businesses is all about B12. We help people fix their
deficiency, most of them are vegan.”
“There’s no B12 in fruits or veggies?”
“No.”
“How important is this vitamin?”
“It’s vital for the formation and preservation of something called the myelin sheath.
It’s a fatty layer protecting the nerves in your brain. Without B12, you can cause
permanent damage to it.”
“Oh my God, what do I do then?”
“Eat dead animals.”
“Ahhhhhh... no other option?”
This immediately instills a spirit of mischief in me.
“You know what, maybe there is.”
37Destination Poon
“What’s that?”
“Sperm has B12 too. I can provide.”
She looks terrified:
“Ahhhhhhh, Guatemala is a conservative country. We don’t do those kind of things
there.”
Yeah, baby! If there’s one thing more fun than a blowjob, it is teaching a girl how to
give one. You feel like a trainer on the back of a wild horse, teaching it how to jump
over obstacles. While it may get you hurt at first, you know it’s going to be worth it at
the end.
Ten minutes later, GuatemalanNeighbor gets her first lesson in the Art of the Blow.
And it’s immediately clear to me that she’s indeed a blowjob virgin. She uses way too
much teeth. It’s way too fast. And it just doesn’t feel good. Translation: She’s an
empty canvas for my wildest fantasies. She’s my new project. She is about to
become my greatest student of all times. When I’m about to cum, I make sure to give
proper directions:
“Remember to swallow everything. Remember the myelin sheath. It’s crucial.”
She swallows (!) the bait. I am a happy man. Yes, I’ve just cajoled a Guatemalan girl
to swallow my cum because it contains B12. How awesome is that? This proves to
be a genius move, because for the rest of our time together, GuatemalanNeighbor
sucks the life force out of me. She never lets even a single drop go to waste. She
becomes so enthused about sucking my cock that I feel like a B12 filling station. I
even suggest we keep the used condoms when we fuck so she can supplement her
morning mango shakes with extra B12. The idea was percolating and she was
seriously considering it. And this wasn’t some short-lived passion. She hadn’t
developed a momentary infatuation for my dick. It was a long, persistent relationship.
She just couldn’t stop sucking it.
38Destination Poon
She sucks my dick for an average of three times a day, with a few fucks here and
there. I even bang her in a very small hotel pool when everyone’s inside. They all
leave in terror when I raise the used condom above water level. What’s interesting
about our chemistry is that it takes me a long, long time to cum with this girl. I can
easily pass the one hour mark, and it rarely happens to me. I challenge the scientists
of you to figure this out. And no, she wasn’t some unattractive land whale:
Three days and about fifteen blowjobs later, I notice sharp improvements. I am so
proud I decide to reward GuatemalanNeighbor for good behavior, inviting her to join
me in Honduras. She is eager to come but has a job to keep. I talk to her about it,
and after learning how vital she is to her workplace, I convince her that not only will
she not get fired, but that the company will actively pursue her because of the fear of
losing such an valuable asset. This makes sense to her, so she joins me.
She ends up sucking my cock more than a dozen times in the next two days in
39Destination Poon
Honduras. I swear to God, this is getting insane. She sucks it so voraciously and so
intensely it’s like we’re emotionally glued to each other by the sheer force of my jizz.
She sucks it everywhere. At every opportunity. In every room. In public hotel
bathrooms. And on top of a... sit down before you read it:
MAYAN TEMPLE.
I do not kid you. How did I manage to pull this off?
I told GuatemalanNeighbor about my plans to write this book, and she was excited to
help produce a fine story. I started to brainstorm ideas in my head. It took less than a
minute. BINGO! Because the Mayans were close to nature and keen followers of
astronomy, I feel kinship to them. So I asked GuatemalanNeighbor:
“Are you Mayan?”
“I have some Mayan blood, yes. Why?”
The plan was clear to me:
“You’re going to suck my Shlomo on a Mayan temple.”
She smiles submissively. Remember, gentlemen: The more inordinate and insolent
your demand is, the more likely you are to get sexually rewarded. I exclaim:
“More B12!”
Now, where do we find a Mayan temple? Easy. At that point, we’re in Copan, home
to some of the most ancient ruins of the Mayan empire. Copan attracts world-class
explorers and historians studying its Mayan heritage, but it is obvious who here has
the superior goal. The only problem is that it’s in Honduras, a country where you get
robbed and killed for having a smartphone. But fuck it. I’m here to change the course
of history. I’m here to have the first foreign jizz ever spilled on holy Mayan ground.
40Destination Poon
I take GuatemalanNeighbor to Copan National Park. We begin to walk between
ruins, looking for the perfect spot to perform our playful act of misconduct. The
problem is, there’s visitors EVERYWHERE. About thirty minutes of walking later, we
realize it’s not going to be as easy as we thought. The place is heavily patrolled by
guards, and if we are to do anything, it must be strategically thought. Otherwise, we
can easily end up in an Honduran prison, where I’d be very likely to get gang-raped
maliciously by imprisoned Caribbean pirates.
We walk a little bit more, and I make mental notes as I learn the patrol path of
Copan’s guards. Have you ever played Splinter Cell? I feel like Sam Fisher on
difficult mode. About twenty minutes later, I find the ruins of a remote temple, and
they’re completely free of visitors. Coming from field-intelligence military training, I
intuitively analyze the zone and combine it with the internalized data that I have
gathered earlier.
THIS IS OUR MOMENT.
I tell GuatemalanNeighbor to sit on a Mayan stone I deem to be the perfect spot. It’s
a strategic piece of ruin where she can sit comfortably and suck my cock while I
have a clear, protected view of the whole area. Protected, because my whole body is
blocked from view. It’s only my head that sticks out. The opposite direction poses no
risk, because it’s only a wild, unmanned jungle land separated by a fence a few
steps away from us. My boner kebab is ready:
41Destination Poon
GuatemalanNeighbor quickly unzips my pants and begins to do what she has
become a growing expert in: Sucking every bit of liquid out of my body. But I am so
nervous about getting busted I can barely focus. My attempts to multitask fail
because whenever I try to see if guards are coming, I lose the sexual sensation and
intensity. And whenever I concentrate on her blowjob, my alertness becomes blurry.
It’s a fine balance to keep. I alternate between attempting to spot guards to looking
down and enjoying the sight of a Mayan lady sucking my dick on a Mayan temple.
And though it’s impossible to really enjoy the blowjob to the fullest, the thrill is worth
it.
Fifteen minutes later, I decide to try and cum. The thrill was already at its peak, so
there’s only risk now. But no matter how hard I try, no matter how good her lips are,
trying to spot guards every few seconds keeps toning down the stimulus. I CAN’T
FINISH. It’s like getting a blowjob and driving a car at the same time: If you
concentrate on driving, you won’t feel a thing. But if you concentrate on the blowjob,
expect an accident. So what do I do? Just zip my pants back without finishing?
42Destination Poon
Of course not, I’m not a quitter. This is the grand finale. I take a deep breath and
close my eyes, concentrating on the oral stimulus of her lips and tongue. I’m in a Zen
state, completely disregarding the risk of guards. And about half a minute later, my
golden seed is catapulted right into her mouth, dripping a little onto the ruins.
Mayan Empire Status: CONQUERED.
After this epic act of mischief, I am so proud of GuatemalanNeighbor I take her with
me to the beaches up north. She continues sucking my dick on every possible
occasion. It’s crazy. Her spirit of largesse is so generous that our blowjobs-to-sex
ratio is about 4:1. It’s like I have a limited-edition Japanese robot ready to suck my
dick on command at any time of the day. She is so enraptured when she fondles it, it
feels like my dick is a sacred fountain of rejuvenation, a divine trove of youth for her.
Reggie the Fountain of Youth.
She even sucked my dick in the public toilet of a hotel WHILE sand flies were eating
her alive. Have you ever been to north Honduras? If not, let me tell you how those
sand flies feel: It’s like nothing you’ve ever felt before. Imagine the scratching you get
from a regular mosquito, now multiply by 1000. She was scratching her legs, hands,
and belly while never taking her lips off my cock. I’m a hard guy to impress, but this
blew my mind. With her hands flying in every direction, she looked like Sheeva from
Mortal Kombat.
On our last bus ride together, I let GuatemalanNeighbor sit on my lap because
there’s a pregnant woman nearby and she has nowhere to sit. It’s a four hour ride,
so I eventually lose all feeling at my thigh. I’m mostly asleep during the bus ride, but I
soon wake up to a strange sensation on my left foot. How can I describe it? It feels,
hmm... wet. I move GuatemalanNeighbor to my right thigh so that I can take a sneak
peak at it. SHIT!
THERE’S VOMIT ALL OVER MY LEFT FOOT.
43Destination Poon
The pregnant women had puked all over my foot, and she’s now cleaning it with a
napkin. She’s completely indifferent to it, as if vomiting on strangers is common
practice in Honduras. And me? I just smile, shake my head in disbelief, and drift back
to sleep. Ah, the beauty of travel. Just when you think you’ve experienced
everything, just when you think there’s nothing else out there for you, Mother Fortuna
pops out and vomits all over you.
Eventually, GuatemalanNeighbor and I part ways. She leaves me with a very unique
souvenir... a SORE DICK. No joke. She had sucked my dick so voraciously over the
course of the last week that for the first time in my life, I had a red, sensitive circular
area on the tip of my dick. Her unstoppable vacuuming has literally burnished a hole
in my cock, stripping off the skin and leaving a delicate, tender red mark that took
two weeks to heal. She always said my sperm tastes like pineapple, so if you’re a
hot girl willing to find out... you’ll find a way to reach me. I can’t promise you a
Mayan temple, but we’ll figure out how to make it innovative.
The last messages I’ve ever received from GuatemalanNeighbor were these, a few
days after we parted ways:
44Destination Poon
45Destination Poon
46Destination Poon
Reggie the Changer of Life Perspective.
What else can I say? When you stretch a rubber band, it never goes back to its
previous dimensions. Same is our mind. When you stretch it with new experiences, it
can never return to its old self. So to you, future GuatemalanNeighbor boyfriends, I
can only say this:
You’re welcome.
47Destination Poon
Broken Heart, Broken Car
Life is nothing but a competition to be the criminal rather than the victim. (Bertrand
Russell)
Did you know that unless married, girls in Israel must serve in the army too? The
next story happened many years ago on a small military base next to the
Mediterranean. It’s the base where I served for the last half of my service, and there
was one particular girl I had a very strong connection with. We’ll call her Soulmate.
She was a beautiful nineteen-year old chick of Jewish-European heritage. Her good
DNA was expressed in her milky skin and glowing, feminine eyes that radiated so
much goodness you could instantly tell she was marriage material. She was a
symbol of empathy and care, of why I love women so much.
In the spring, we’d sit outside on the green grass and enjoy the salty, fresh breeze
coming from the sea. I was extremely ripped back then, and she loved it when I
carried her on my shoulders. One day, I heard her screaming inside a metal
container where the door was stuck. It was a hot Middle Eastern day, and I was
afraid she’d get cooked by the heat inside, so I immediately grabbed a heavy metal
pole and gave away my sweat, soul, and glycogen stores for fifteen minutes until I
broke the hinges and set my Jewish princess free. Beautiful times.
There was only one problem. She had a boyfriend. And I was so young and
inexperienced I thought girls with boyfriends were off-limits. Little did I know of the
voracious sexual nature of the human female. I later had my own girlfriend too for a
few years. So there was always this feeling there that we’d probably end up together
one day, just not now. Pure, innocent little Reggie.
Like in most girly offices in the army, Soulmate had a collection of photos of her
whole extended family and best friends hanging on the wall. One of her friends was
especially to my taste. In fact, she was exactly to my taste. It was like love at first
sight via ink and paper. Petite, pretty, and with a massive pair of boobs, she was like
48Destination Poon
a tiny sex toy put together to fit my perfect ideal. And when I first saw her photo, I
could only respond in one way:
“WHO’S THIS GIRL?”
Soulmate responds with jealousy, as if the thought of me going after SexyBoobs is
threatening to her:
“Ahhhhh! Why do you think she’ll even look at you?”
What a mistake. I’m like a Pitbull: Once you throw a challenge at me, my jaws lock
on the target and the only way to release it is to shoot me.
More than a year later, when we’re no longer in the army, Soulmate must have
forgotten about this little banter of ours. Guess what? She brings SexyBoobs to my
birthday party. Every year for the last decade, I’ve had a birthday party with about a
hundred guests. Here in Israel, we tend to have a lot of friendships, perhaps
because of the military service, perhaps because of the inter-connected nature of the
Jewish culture. And I love birthday parties. You are the center of attention, your
social value rises dramatically, and you’re injected with the kind of confident, alluring
Birthday Aura that makes you completely carefree and indifferent to consequences.
Translation: SexyBoobs is about to be mine.
An hour into the party, I see Soulmate and SexyBoobs next to each other by the bar.
Fueled by a glass of Goldstar beer, I approach SexyBoobs from behind and suckle
her neck, giving her a stimulating vacuum feeling that makes her reflexively squirm in
her seat. Entranced in erogenous pheromones, she looks as if she just had an
orgasm.
“Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!”
I smile. We begin to talk but I can’t remember what I said. Not that it matters,
because I was in such a good mood I could talk about anything and she’d like me.
49Destination Poon
Never forget that, brothers: A confident man talking about his support for whale
abuse is more attractive to girls than a boring nice guy talking about his law degree.
The next day, I log in to my Facebook and see a message from SexyBoobs.
“Had a lot of fun yesterday!”
I respond:
“Be ready in two hours.”
“Where do we go to?”
“Does it matter?”
“I guess not...”
A few hours later, we hang out at a quiet bar in my city. The only thing I remember
her saying that night is:
“I was surprised I didn’t slap you yesterday when you suckled my neck. That’s how I
knew I wanted to see you.”
When we’re done, we make our way to my car. I reward SexyBoobs with a long kiss.
I drive her back to her parents’ house, because here in Israel life is different and we
usually live with our parents till our mid-twenties. When we’re there, we kiss again
and she reaches for the car door. I am horny, so I yank her toward me and we make
out for ten minutes. But she keeps pushing my hands away whenever I reach for the
forbidden zone. Like most Israeli girls, SexyBoobs has a strong sense of self-respect
and discipline. She manages to fight her passions and gets out of the car before
things escalate. Smart move, SexyBoobs. This instantly made me respect you even
more.
50Destination Poon
Two days later, she sends me another message:
“Wolverine is playing at the cinema, wanna go watch it?”
We go. It’s a good movie, but I find it difficult to focus. The whole time, I have my
right hand underneath her shirt, fondling her right boob. But she just won’t let me go
further. She won’t let me go in her panties. She doesn’t have daddy issues. So this
night turns out dry as well.
The next day, we meet again. We’re in her parents’ home, rubbing against each
other. I have the strongest boner I’ve ever had. This time I’m fingering her, but
SexyBoobs still won’t let me go any further. Unless, I agree to have an HIV test so
we can go raw. She wants our first time to be speciaaaaaaaal. She wants to
experience the true power of Reggie’s weapon. But knowing my nature, she wants to
be sure I’m HIV-free. I support the cause, because why would I want to diminish my
pleasure with a sickly piece of latex around my cock?
Fuck it, I’m taking the test.
The next day, I go to some anonymous lab in Israel where they don’t ask your name
and just give you a number that they attach to your blood test. You’re supposed to
call two days later and get your results. The funny part? It was a weekend so we had
to wait four days, and it seemed harder for SexyBoobs than it was for me. We’d meet
every day and she’d rub herself against my cock like a grizzly bear against a tree,
but not further. It was like trying to fast next to a chocolate cake. But her discipline
prevailed.
When this weekend ends, SexyBoobs literally calls the clinic every two hours. It was
HILARIOUS. When we finally got the green light to rumble, she calls me:
“Good news! I talked to them ten minutes ago and you’re HIV free!”
“This house is clean, baby.”
51Destination Poon
“So... are you coming now?”
FUCK YES.
I get to her house in less than an hour. She’s the only one home, so right when she
opens the door, I throw her over my right fucking shoulder and carry her up the
wooden stairway that leads to her fancy bedroom. I feel like a Tanzanian hunter
carrying an antelope carcass back to camp.
Holding out for this moment made it much more explosive. Because that night, we
end up banging raw so many times. On the bed. Propped against the wall. Against
the window. Against everything. It was like a sex buffet: You’ve got to try everything!
You should have seen how she looked the following morning. When Soulmate saw
her, she immediately called me:
“OH MY GOD, WHAT DID YOU DO TO HER?”
To fully capture the richness of our sex, let me describe to you what her following day
was like:
She had deep, dark purple marks all across her throat, the marks you get when no
blood is drawn to the area for a while. It was a necklace of love bites. It was so bad it
had the same color, richness, and depth of a fat diabetic’s foot before it gets
amputated. It was so prominent and intense in color that when she went to study that
day, she wore two scarves pulled up to her chin as she darted between classes.
What can I say? When you withhold sex from me because of an HIV test, expect
nothing less.
Reggie the Violent Casanova.
Two days later, too much Splinter Cell video gaming and a spirit of pranking inspire
me to go climb over her house’s gate, stealth my way across her yard, and surprise
52Destination Poon
her. I am cautious not to step on any dry leaves. I know she’s home alone, so I’m not
afraid of her father shooting me.
Their yard is right next to the living room, so I crouch and slowly approach the sliding
glass door separating them. When I’m finally there, I see the silhouette of her body
through the glass. She’s watching TV with her legs curled up on the sofa. She is too
calm. I decide to inject some Reggie magic by slamming the door hard, still crouched
so she doesn’t see me. She screams:
“OH MY GOD! WHO’S THERE?”
I remain silent and crouched. I allow the moment to stew and ripen with emotions.
Fifteen seconds later, I give another slam. She again screams:
“AAAAAAAAAHHHH! WHO’S THERE?”
I try hard to suppress my laughter, because I don’t want her to hear me. I then give
another slam. She screams again in terror and fear:
“OH MY GOD! OH MY GOD!!!”
I then stand up and erupt in laughter. SexyBoobs begins to laugh herself:
“OH MY GOD, YOU’RE CRAZY! YOU REALLY SCARED ME!”
She slides the door open and comes into my arms. After a few minutes, she asks:
“Are you hungry?”
“Always.”
She orders two Dominos pizzas — yes, we have Dominos in Israel — and brings a
bottle of red wine to the table. Like most Israeli girls, she knows that the way to a
53Destination Poon
man’s heart is through his stomach.
When we’re done with the pizza, I again grab SexyBoobs on my shoulders like a
caveman and climb the stairs. She loved when I did that. We had so much sex that
night I woke up the next day so hazy and jaded I could barely focus on my
psychometric simulation test. I needed to go through it to get into our best university.
But I couldn’t finish even half the questions in the time allotted for each chapter.
Wondering why I went to her home if I had a test early in the morning? No matter
what your responsibilities are, the vagina is always stronger.
I go back to her home after the test, and we again engage in raw sex. A surge of
fulfillment fills her spirit:
“I can’t believe the smartest man I’ve ever dated comes from Tirat Carmel.”
My city, Tirat Carmel, used to be known as the “Wild West of Israel”. Too much crime.
Too many drugs. Too many dumb people. SexyBoobs, on the other hand, comes
from the richest neighborhood in our area. So when she says that, I feel like a
French conqueror taking over Polynesia.
Also, she begins to compare me to her only two past boyfriends, one of them a
complete asshole, and the other an attentive, safer nice-guy who showered her with
compliments. She was confused about why she was attracted to the first one even
though she logically thought she wanted the nicer one. What can I say? A girl’s logic
and emotions can be so contradictory you might end up wondering if she has an evil
twin. SexyBoobs concludes that I am the perfect guy, because I “have the exciting
traits of the former with the good values of the other.”
Reggie the Good-Hearted Asshole. Reggie the Merger of Worlds.
Two days later, SexyBoobs comes to visit me at my parents’ home. To this day, my
mom still remembers how she “knocked on the door, said hello, and ran up directly to
your bed like a little mouse!” That day, because I had completely stopped studying
54Destination Poon
and going to classes, I devised a little game that would combine our sexual attraction
to each other with the responsibility of scoring high on my upcoming test.
What was the game? Simple. I stick my dick in her and let her ask me questions
from my psychometric notebook. Whenever I’m right, I win ten consecutive pumps.
But human nature is just too strong, and our game fails when three attempts and
thirty pumps later, we toss the notebook and bang for an hour.
When we’re done, we drive her dad’s hybrid car to get some pizza somewhere in my
Wild West town. That’s when Mother Fortuna decides to strike with a thunderclap. As
we arrive back to the car with the hot pizza, SexyBoobs starts the engine, steers to
the left, and begins to slowly exit the parking spot. And then it happens:
BAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAMMMMMMMMM!
OH. MY. GOD.
SexyBoobs lets out a loud scream and a vicious impact goes through our spines.
The cozy feeling of the little hybrid car is immediately replaced by a sense of
devastation. It all happens in a second, and we’re lucky we were wearing our seat
belts. The steaming pizza didn’t share our luck, and was thrown all over the interior.
We come out of the car, and it’s immediately clear to us:
This car is totaled.
What can I say? I’m a dangerous guy to love. SexyBoobs then loses it. Not in the
sense that she becomes verbally abusive, but more in the sense that she completely
tunes out. It’s hard to explain, but it’s like she was opting out emotionally because
she wasn’t mentally equipped to deal with the incident. Have you read The Hunger
Games? When Katniss’s mom becomes emotionally blank after her husband dies in
a mine explosion? That’s how SexyBoobs feels to me at that moment. Completely
out. The guy who hit us was some dumb dude from my city who was going way too
fast, listening to his music, smashing SexyBoob’s car completely. I tell him:
55Destination Poon
“ARE YOU FUCKING NUTS?”
“Ahhh... sorry, I didn’t notice you going out of the parking spot.”
“NO KIDDING!”
“What should I do?”
“Let me get your details and call her dad. That’s his car.”
Her dad comes in half an hour and deals with the whole thing.
Anyway, this whole fling of ours lasts for a little less than two weeks. What I didn’t tell
you is that it happened immediately after one of my temporary breakup fights with
my girlfriend. Two days after the car incident, I was having sex with SexyBoobs in
her home, and immediately after went to see my ex girlfriend again. We also ended
up having sex, and that got us back together.
The next day, I called SexyBoobs to tell her that our little relationship is over. Why?
Because I didn’t want to deal with the gnawing mental burden of cheating. Up until
then, I wasn’t technically cheating. But now that we’re back together, I want to stand
loyal to my virtues. And that sends SexyBoobs into a prolonged depression.
She calls and sends me messages every day for two weeks. She keeps calling and
talking to Soulmate about me. She does whatever she can to bring me back into her
arms. But I never really showed any sign of commitment. I still had a strong
emotional attachment to my girlfriend.
After a week, SexyBoobs blocks me from her Facebook, goes into rage mode, and
sends me a long email, saying she can’t believe how I played with her and how
psychopathic I am. Her email ends with this:
56Destination Poon
“All I got from you is a broken heart and a broken car.”
Reggie the Heartbreaker. Reggie the Car Breaker.
And what about my psychometric test? Those two weeks of wine, sex, absence from
classes, and deprivation of sleep caused my score to sink from 768 (out of 800) to
the final score, a hellacious 666, a symbolic reflection of my demonic lifestyle. That
did not bother me, because there are things more important in life than getting into
university. Like... sex with hot girls.
And do you really think life just continued peacefully? If you’ve been alive for more
than a few days on planet Earth, you should know that the nature of women is much
darker and more vengeful than this. Because both myself and Soulmate find
ourselves single a year later, and we naturally become romantically involved. How
did I not get caught in the friend zone all those years? When your life is attractive
and when you carry yourself with charm and confidence, there is no such thing as
the friend zone. Kissing Soulmate for the first time was such a unique experience, it’s
the only kiss that ever made me feel something stir deep inside.
FUCK, DID I JUST SAY THAT?
This new enhanced relationship was very hard for Soulmate, because she had to
fight the internal conflict of confronting her core values. Don’t forget — I fucked and
dumped one of her best friends. Eventually, our relationship was over when I got this
message from her:
“Did you really tell her that I am stupid?”
Turns out, jealousy was too much for SexyBoobs. She caused a bunch of drama
behind the scenes and did whatever she could to taper off our relationship. “Girls
don’t need to be a genius to be attractive. Look at Soulmate, she isn’t Einstein, but
she’s amazing” was reframed into “Reggie said you’re stupid.” I was too young and
inexperienced to stay non-reactive to that, and Soulmate and me ended up taking
57Destination Poon
some distance from each other for a year. I guess sometimes, you just have to admit
defeat. SexyBoobs, you win.
But hey, just remember who fucked who.
58Destination Poon
The Ukrainian Model
The only Zen you find on the tops of mountains is the Zen you bring up there. (Zen
and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance)
Israel is one fascinating land.
Soon after the Nazi holocaust, Jews from everywhere migrated to our new country
so that they could live in peace. Germans, Turkish, Persians, Moroccans,
Argentinians, Russians, Ethiopians, Lebanese, Tunisians, Moldavians, Romanians,
French, Burmese, Hungarians, Polish, Egyptians... we have them all. But one group
is my favorite:
Ukrainians.
What do I like about them? UKRAINIAN GIRLS.
They’re as intelligent as the Russians, look just as amazing as the Russians, speak
with the same Russian accent, and dress just as promiscuously as the Russians.
But... they don’t like to be called Russians. Like a troubled little child with a twin.
So when I received an unexpected Facebook message from this Ukrainian girl (her
Facebook said “born in Kiev”) who lives in my city, I knew I was in for some joyful
times. This is what her message said:
“I love what you’re writing about science. It’s so fascinating. Men are so boring today
that it’s rare to see someone talking about this stuff.”
She looks amazing in the photo, so I’m in:
“Less words, more actions: here’s my number.”
She calls. Literally within a MINUTE.
59Destination Poon
I pick up the phone, and a seductively submissive voice greets me. I invite her to go
out that very same evening, so later, I drive to her place to pick her up. Waiting in the
parking lot, I soon see a tall, thin silhouette approaching in between the shadows of
parked cars. It’s her. Now, she looked amazing on her Facebook photo, like most
Ukrainians do, but once I get to fully capture her real-life beauty, once she’s a few
steps away from my car...
MY JAW DROPS.
This girl is ethereal, otherworldly almost. Possessing a pair of long, thin, perfect legs,
she wears tight, black leather leggings and sashays along with the elegant,
seductive walk of a succubus. Supercharged by a pair of high heels, her hourglass
shape is enchanting. She has this beautiful, catty look that I can only describe as
Angelina Jolie in her early Tomb Raider movies. On a scale of 1 to 10, this girl is a
solid 10. Perfection.
When she gets into my car, I surprisingly discover a shy, nineteen-year old chick with
a submissive aura about her. She tells me she’s an aspiring model and actor working
for one of the biggest agencies in Israel. So like all girls who dress too skimpily and
follow a career of whoring for attention, I assume she has a lot of emotional issues.
That night, we end up chilling at a nice bar on the beach. I order a glass of beer, she
orders an iced lemon-mint shake. For the first two hours, I’m on the perfect date: I
talk as much as I want, and she looks at me with Bambi eyes full of admiration. Fun
soon begins.
Because next thing you know, I yank UkranianModel to sit on my lap as I spread my
legs like a Saudi sheikh. We talk for a while and then take it to the beach. She gets a
lot of pleasure from showing an interest in astrobiology. It’s as if she’s so insecure
about being constantly judged by her beauty that she wants something else, more
lasting, more substantial to feed her self-esteem:
60Destination Poon
“I work as a bartender and hate all these guys who come to my bar, drink, and hit on
me just because I have a pretty ass. When I talk to you... I feel like there’s more, like
you actually care about my brains.”
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA! Of course I am, sweetie, of course I am.
Concealed ovulation should be our first clue that women are natural masters of the
art of self-deception.
Obviously, I play her game. For the next hour or so, I don’t bring up the subject of her
looks and disregard it completely when she talks about her modeling career — while
at the same time reinforcing any philosophical view she holds on life. She’s in love:
“God, you’re so different!”
I guess it’s time to kiss.
“Have you smoked earlier?”
“I stopped when I was sixteen.”
What the fuck does that mean? Were she smoking when she was thirteen or what?
Whatever. I lean in. Our lips meet. She’s a good kisser. After an hour, I drive her
back home and learn that she doesn’t have a driver’s license yet. I decide to be her
teacher:
“Don’t worry, Soviet lady. Come here.”
She is young, innocent, and worried:
“What? What do you mean come here? We’re in the middle of the road!”
I yank her from her seat and place her on my dick. Devious, sneaky little Reggie. I
drive all around her neighborhood for five minutes and let her hold the steering wheel
61Destination Poon
while I enjoy the gravitational pull of her body weight against my crotch. We go over
several speed bumps, and whenever we do, my dick gets stimulated as it rubs
against her tight, nineteen-year old ass. I feel like one of Pavlov’s dogs, conditioned
to anchor the sight of speed bumps with this wonderful following feeling. I love speed
bumps.
When we reach her house, I offer to come up. But she tells me that her grandma is
asleep and that she doesn’t want to wake her up. For some reason, perhaps cultural,
Soviets always have grandmas in their living room. She also says she has to wake in
three hours to go to university. Mother Fortuna isn’t on my side tonight. She kisses
me for five minutes and leaves.
At the time, I am busy getting rid of my belongings because I’m about to embark on
my first long journey abroad. So I forget to contact her. But two days later, I get the
following text message:
“I can’t believe I’m saying this... but I miss you. I never miss people.”
Alright, listen to me gentlemen: When a girl says she finds it hard to miss people,
expect a disaster. But she’s slutty and hot, so why would I care?
We meet at the same beach in Haifa again. I have extreme gratitude for this place
because it’s always been my primary arena for poons. Served me well over the
years. This time is no different, because UkrainianModel again sits on my lap within
less than two minutes. She doesn’t waste any precious time, whispering to me in the
most seductively soft voice I’ve ever heard:
“I want to be alone with you.”
Sure, why not? I take her out of the bar and let her walk a few steps ahead of me so
that I can dwell on the magnificence of her firm ass. We get in my car and I drive to a
remote, dark area of the beach where we can find some privacy. For the whole ride,
UkrainianModel rests her head on my shoulder. There’s a prolonged pregnant
62Destination Poon
silence during the ride. We both know what’s going to happen. No need for talk.
I stop the car somewhere on a patch of rough dirt because I don’t want the car to dig
into the sand. Happened to me before. It’s a completely dark area with only a bunch
of date trees swaying to the rhythm of the wind. I look at UkrainianModel and smile
naughtily. She looks back at me. She then drops the bomb:
“Uhh... it feels too cheap here.”
Damn. I forgot. Arabs often use this place to bring prostitutes. So what do I do?
Joseph Campbell the mythologist once said that what people seek isn’t a meaning
for life, but the experience of being alive. And since a lack of vision was never a
problem for me, a lightbulb goes off and a stroke of Reggie Genius hits me. I decide
to give UkrainianModel the experience of being alive:
“You know what... close your eyes and let me surprise you.”
I then reach down to the dark area below the glove compartment and begin to riffle
through it. I reach for the first piece of clothing I can find. It’s an oily, dirty, disgusting
piece of flannel. It’s my dad’s car and he probably uses the rag to oil off the engine or
something. It’s the same kind of cloth we used in the military to wipe grease off our
weapons. But her eyes are still closed, so why the fuck not?
I wrap the greasy cloth around her eyes, trying to tie it as high as I can so that
there’s as much distance as possible between the flannel and her nostrils.
“Don’t worry, it’s only for five minutes.”
“Uhh... ok.”
I then drive back to my grandpa’s place, because it’s more comfortable than my
parent’s. It’s not like America or Europe here. In traditional Israeli families, kids grow
up very close to their grandparents and the rest of their extended family. I’m talking
63Destination Poon
about daily contact. And I personally grew up so emotionally connected to their home
that it feels exactly like my own home. So earlier, I called my grandfather and told
him to leave one of the rooms outside open. He always cooperated with my mischief,
and he was proud when I told him it was a Ukrainian model. When he was alive, I
used to spend hours a day with him when I wasn’t traveling. I loved that man.
When we reach his house, I welcome UkrainianModel to “Mansion Elya.” Still with
the dirty piece of flannel around her face, I lead her by the hand to one of the rooms
outside. The door is ajar, and I slowly open it without making too much noise. Once
we’re inside, a rapid surge of energy takes over my mind and I shove
UkrainianModel onto the bed. She curls her legs upwards and looks at me with eyes
on fire. The seductive expression on her face invites me to penetrate every one of
her holes and father her children. I feel like a porn star.
Count exactly three seconds, and I’m already on top of her. She seems to have
some control issues and immediately tries to wrestle me and feel dominant. I, of
course, welcome that because it means less work on my part and more time to enjoy
the view. So I rest on my back, cross my arms behind my head, and let her impale
herself on my dick and ride for ten minutes. She makes the sound of a female hyena
during mating season. I am happy.
We both finish after a while, or perhaps it is only me — makes no difference — and
that is the defining moment of this relationship. Because in a swift move that makes
UkrainianModel feel more like a hockey player rather than a model, she forcefully
pushes herself out of my arms and moves to the corner of the bed, curled up:
“I need some space.”
What the fuck?
Count exactly ten seconds, and she changes her mind:
“But you can rape me if you want.”
64Destination Poon
Someone in this room... has daddy issues. And it’s not me. I immediately assault
her, and we end up having another hour of rough sex. This time I control her,
because it was obvious that the whole wrestling thing earlier was just her way to feel
dominated. When we’re done, she says:
“Can you order a taxi for me?”
I swear to God, or Darwin, or whoever you believe in: At that specific moment, I was
seriously beginning to wonder if I had just fucked a professional hooker. This all
happened before I had a business and I was poor as fuck. I had saved every penny
for my first long trip abroad, so I drove her home instead.
Reggie the Frugal Jew.
The last time I hear from her is a few days later, when I have my legendary birthday
party which I combine with a goodbye party, since I’m leaving to the airport later that
very same day. UkrainianModel calls to say that:
“I want you to know that you’re one of the most amazing persons I’ve ever met. Hope
you enjoy your trip!”
“Just come to the party and say goodbye.”
She says, and I quote:
“I really don’t feel comfortable being around people.”
Whatever. I later go to the airport and ask one of the agents to give me the first ticket
abroad. Fuck it, the whole world needs to be explored, so why not leave it up to
Mother Fortuna. I end up in Thailand, and that kick starts one of my most
transformational periods in life — my six months in Asia. But it’s also when
UkrainianModel goes nuts.
65Destination Poon
During the first three months of my trip, she constantly sends me insanely long,
tedious messages on Facebook. The ones you have no energy to read so you delay
the inevitable and answer after two weeks just so you don’t insult the person. In her
messages, UkrainianModel tells me how she’s afraid to get older, and how she’s
afraid to lose her beauty and have young girls like her current-self seduce her
husband.
Projection? Fear of abandonment? The signs are all there, this girl is the classic
borderline. It’s also amazing: No matter how attractive the girl, she’s always
concerned about her looks. I respond:
“Father Time is unforgiving to all of us.”
She then begins to talk all about her goals and seems to see me as some kind of a
mentor. I feel like a cheap guru when I write back to her:
“What would you do if you knew you’re going to die next year? Go and do that. We’re
already dying. Every second brings us all closer to the grave. Might as well have the
best ride while we’re here.”
But that’s not enough for her. The hole in her soul is impossible to fill. The well has
an empty bottom. She keeps bombarding me with so many long, tiresome, sad
messages that at one point I just can’t handle the volume and darkness anymore. It
drains too much life away from me. So I respond accordingly:
“Listen, you need psychological help. And I can’t provide that.”
She blocks me from Facebook.
OH, FREEDOM! FREEDOM AT LAST!
Two months later, she again adds me on Facebook. I thought, maybe she had
66Destination Poon
calmed down. Two days later, she again deletes me. I am mindfucked. Is this reality
or a dream? Do people like her really exist? These are the kinds of questions I have
to face every week. And it’s usually when I stop and reflect. What wrong decisions
had I made that have brought this girl into my life? Answer:
She’s hot.
Was it worth the headache? Of course it was. These kinds of batshit basketcases
give you the highest sexual return on investment of your time. They take
considerably less effort to fuck, because they do only what comes natural: Act like
sluts and fuck. They’re also so experienced that sex with them is like a rollercoaster
ride. But if you want a healthy, stable, loving relationship, stay away from them like
the plague.
This story ends with a few interesting incidents.
When I come back from Asia, I discover that UkrainianModel tried to get back at me
by inviting one of my best friends, Ore, out for a date. He didn’t know about our little
story, so he went. He told me that for the whole date, she kept talking about me,
saying how evil I am and how I insulted her.
Two weeks later, I go to meet one of my best army friends, Nissan, a sexy cad in his
own right. When I tell him the story of UkrainianModel, it takes him less than two
minutes to connect the dots of her first name, amazing looks, and the fact that she’s
a young actress from Haifa. He immediately erupts in his typical playful excitement:
“FUCK YOU!”
He then rushes to his media streamer and loads a chapter from a show here in
Israel. He fasts forward to the end:
“YOU WANNA TELL ME YOU FUCKED... HER?”
67Destination Poon
Holy fuck. Nissan’s right. That sharp motherfucker.
Right on the monitor, I see UkrainianModel in a scene where she goes topless for a
glimpse of a second. Apparently, she was a part of a popular show, but I had no idea
because I don’t even own a TV. I can only bless the world for this ignorance cause
otherwise I’d probably project more excitement and neediness toward her.
And the truly funny thing happens many years later, when I’m in El Salvador. I tell
this story to a surfer from Haifa, because he’s exactly her age. His response:
“HOLY SHIT! We were together in school and every morning I’d show up with a hot
cup of chocolate milk and she’d suck my dick in the toilet while I was drinking it.”
UkrainianModel, before complaining that men see you as an object for sexual
gratification, perhaps you should first stop treating yourself like one. Forget about
feminists’ dark sorcery of ignoring reality and let me tell you a little secret:
Men will treat you the way you allow them to treat you. Let them use you, and they
will. Draw boundaries and respect yourself, and you’ll get respect in return. Every
healthy man eventually aspires to marry and take home to Mama the girl with the
pearly white dress. Sluts are for pleasure only.
68Destination Poon
The Future Belongs to Those Who
Challenge the Present
Those who visit foreign nations, but associate only with their own countrymen,
change their climate, but not their customs. They see new meridians, but the same
men; and with heads as empty as their pockets, return home with traveled bodies,
but untraveled minds. (Charles Caleb Colton)
It’s a popular thing in the West to think that money is evil and that you’re “better off
poor and happy than rich and sad!” But once you visit an unfortunate land, like
Cambodia, for the first time, you really begin to doubt those new-age mentalities.
Yes, while money alone certainly isn’t enough to make you happy, a lack of money
and resources can make your life absolutely miserable.
I visited Cambodia in 2011 on a journey to locate the origins of Thai boxing. Why
Cambodia? Because I was told modern Thai boxing is actually a small part of a
whole underlying system of Cambodian martial arts. And though I did get to see
some brutal fighters in action, something else turned out to be the highlight of this
journey.
In my first week in Cambodia, I rent a motorbike and drive to see some remote
Buddhist temples. I let two German hippy girls sit tightly behind me because I want to
fuck one of them. Although she possesses a very annoying, defined lisp, she’s quite
hot. We reach the temples after an hour and get inside, where we discover plenty of
rubble, ancient artsy sculptures, and fearsome monkeys with fangs as sharp as
knives. Nothing too special for Asian temples. The turning point happens when we
make our way out, a few hours later, and a prolonged high-pitched voice pierces our
eardrums. It’s instantly clear what it is:
A baby’s cry.
At first I figure it’s just, you know, a baby crying. But when it seems to last for more
69Destination Poon
than a few minutes, I begin to worry. This doesn’t sound good at all, even to
someone as carefree as myself. I walk in the direction of the cry, and a few minutes
later, I reach it. The next scene is almost unbelievable. This is what I see:
70Destination Poon
71Destination Poon
No shirt. No shoes. Sitting in a scattered pile of dirt and rice. Look at his face. Do you
see what I see? Trouble. Pain. Confusion. Emotional trauma. This cruel world is too
much for this little buddy. And there’s absolutely no one around. Nothing around
really, except for the temples, trees, and a bunch of “WARNING: MINES” signs. This
baby must be abandoned.
Now, what do I do? What would you do? Would you just walk away? Would you stay
and wait? Would you take him with you? For the next fifteen minutes, I try to think of
a solution. I expect the two German girls to use their maternal instincts and help me
calm this crying baby down, but they do nothing. HotHippy begins to lisp:
“Let’th leave, Reggie, it’th getting too late and there’th nothing we can do.”
This shocks me. These two German cunts are so devoid of empathy — of a soul —
that if you sent them back a few thousand years in a time machine, nobody would
recognize them as part of our species. People think poverty is only being hungry and
homeless, but the poverty in the hearts of some people is just as bad. I tell the girls:
“You can leave if you want, but I’m staying here. I can’t just leave this baby like this.
Oh, and the motorbike stays with me.”
They try to talk me out of it, but I remain stubborn. I take advice only from humans.
Now, what do I do with this baby? How the fuck do I calm him down and stop this
piercing cry? I begin to caress his hair and play with him:
“LOOOOOOOK AT THE TEMPLEEEE!! YOU CUTE LITTLE THING, LOOOOOK AT
THAT TEMPLLLLLLE!”
I do that for the next half an hour, and he does seem to relax after a while. And the
whole time, the two German hippy girls are standing there like two sore thumbs.
Completely helpless. Completely disconnected from their nature. My grandma
Evonne would say they have no purpose in this world.
72Destination Poon
After half an hour, it starts to get dark. This isn’t good, because it means we’re going
to drive back on the motorbike in complete darkness, which is never good. I begin to
think of taking the baby along with us on the bike, but I don’t want to drive with two
women and a baby behind me. I’m not Pakistani.
Fifteen minutes later, salvation seems to be at hand when a motorbike storms in
from nowhere. The driver drops a slutty local woman, who... approaches the baby
and grabs him! I swear to God, she grabs him like an object, not showing even the
slightest sense of care. Is this baby the son of a prostitute? I immediately unleash
myself on her, but she speaks zero English, and my words are rendered useless. I
hop on the bike and drive till I find a local cop, telling him what happened. He says
he’ll take care of it, but I doubt he ever did anything. This was all shocking to me,
because I come from a nation where human life is sacred, and I’ve never seen a
mom so malicious to her child.
It soon becomes completely dark. Like in most countryside areas in Cambodia, there
are absolutely no lampposts, and it’s only the moon that acts as a source of light.
There’s another problem:
OUR MOTORCYCLE HEADLIGHTS STOP WORKING.
No matter how hard I try to fix them, they just won’t work. I make a mental note to
never again rent old, rusty bikes for $5 a day. The German girls begin to freak out,
but I calm them down:
“There’s no reason to freak out. With or without lights, your souls are dark anyway.”
So, what did we eventually do? I’m still not sure how I managed to pull it off, but I
drove the whole way back — more than two hours, because I went slowly — with a
tiny Fenix flashlight held between my teeth. It projected a narrow but powerful light
that allowed me to see just a little bit ahead. And sometimes a little is all you need.
73Destination Poon
The next day, I speak to everyone I can, trying to find an organization to take care of
the baby. Mr. Happy, one of the local employees where I’m staying, tells me:
“Brother Reggie, Cambodia is full of babies like that. If you really want to help, I can
take you to the poorest area of the city.”
Fast forward two hours.
I’m in a golden pagoda, drinking cold tea with a Buddhist monk who’s Mr. Happy’s
father. He lends us two bicycles that we use to reach what I believe to be the shittiest
shithole my eyes have ever witnessed. It’s a muddy village with hundreds of people
who all live in small huts made of tin, cardboard, and random objects. Nobody has
running water to drink or shower with, so they all just collect rain, or fetch water from
a muddy river nearby.
Mr. Happy invites me for lunch in one of the tin houses. Two minutes later, I climb a
wooden ladder and find myself welcomed by a family who offers me a small bowl of
rice and catfish. They may be poor, but their hearts are a million times richer than
those of the two German hippy bitches. I stay there for a few hours, and soon some
emotional rapport is built. The family’s mom asks me if I want to marry their sexy,
twenty-year old Apsara dancer daughter. I respectfully decline the offer. Soon, Mr.
Happy tells me that their little girl can’t go to school because it’s miles away, and
because she doesn’t have the required uniform. He tells me that every kid in this
village — more than a hundred — is in a similar situation. So I decide to do
something about it.
I take a photo of this little girl with the flag of Israel drawn on her hand:
74Destination Poon
Nothing would touch Israeli hearts more than the misfortune of a poor child. That
night, when I return to my place and have internet access, I post the photo on
Facebook along with a message that informs my Israeli peers of the lack of hygiene,
water, education, and the overall poverty in this village. I tell them that their houses
are made of tin. That the little girl in the photo dreams of going to school but needs
money for a uniform, a bicycle, and for the monthly fees. And that over a hundred of
her friends have the same situation. I tell them that every dollar counts, because the
exchange rate is unbelievably in our favor. I tell them that the cost of a single serving
of Falafel in Israel can sustain a family here for one or two days. My message ends
like this:
“Let’s show them that somewhere in the Middle East, there’s a country, people...
who care.”
So, what do you think happened? Did anyone listen? Did people really give a shit?
Lo and behold: The response was spectacular. My family donated money. My friends
donated money. Strangers donated money. Within ten days, we managed to collect
enough money to buy every kid in the village the clothes and supplies they needed
to be able to go to school. We bought bicycles too. It was small money to us, but a
big difference to them.
75Destination Poon
I learned some important lessons during this little fundraising experience:
I learned that the personal connection to the fundraiser is more important to people
than the actual cause. I learned that people want to feel like they have a tangible,
measurable impact when they help. They want to feel that they’re making a
difference. And that everybody wants to feel a sense of belonging to something
bigger than themselves.
Even German girls.
No, I’m not talking about the two hippies. Fuck them. I’m talking about the least
expected donation I received:
The day before I buy all the supplies for the kids, I chill out on the porch of my
guesthouse and enjoy a cold glass of Angkor beer with six European travelers. It’s
76Destination Poon
late at night, and we’re all celebrating this great thing called life. At one point, a blond
German girl joins us. She looks unhappy. Also, I haven’t had sex for two weeks, and
sperm is starting to come out through my eyes, so I decide it’s time for some pussy
mining:
“You look exhausted.”
“I’ve had a long day...”
“Is that the only long thing you’ve had?”
“I broke up with my boyfriend this morning...”
JACKPOT! What we’ve got here... is... a wounded zebra, the easiest species to
hunt for poon archers on the prowl. There’s one problem though: She’s so dispirited
she leaves to go to sleep within less than three minutes. But I am horny — and my
balls are full, and are obviously more important — so I decide to test my seductive
prowess and try something I have never done before:
Instant sex with a girl I’ve only known for a couple of minutes.
You see, it usually takes anywhere from a few hours (demon sluts) to a few days
(lesser sluts) to a few weeks (good traditional girls) to a few months or years (drum-
tight religious virgins). But can sex be the result of a three-minute conversation? I
don’t know, but I’m about to find out.
I wait twenty minutes for everyone to leave the porch because WoundedZebra’s
room is right next to it. I know she’d never do it if she knew everyone was looking.
When they leave, I quickly walk to her door and...
FUCK.
I freeze in place, infused with a feeling I don’t often feel so intensely. It’s this fear
77Destination Poon
of... rejection. Hey, fuck you, I’m not the Dalai Lama. But remember, Reggie:
Boldness is always better than the alternative. The future belongs to those who
challenge the present. Alright, alright! I swallow the frog and force myself to knock on
the damn door. She yells from the inside:
“WHO IS IT?”
“Open the door.”
Through the darkness of her window, I then see a silhouette rising above the bed.
Count a few seconds, and the door is opened. I immediately assault her face without
saying a word, pushing WoundedZebra against the wall as I shove my tongue in her
mouth. It was a high-risk, high-reward move. Either I get hot sex with zero
investment, or I get slapped hard and thrown out in shame. But she complies. The
visceral temptation for Reggie is irresistible. A few minutes later, I am already inside
of her. The land of poon is mine tonight. She moans heavily and deeply when I
release my golden seed in her garden. German girls aren’t that bad, after all.
But here’s the funny thing.
The next morning, I wake up next to an empty bed. Instead of WoundedZebra, I find
a bunch of wrinkled bills all wrapped in a yellow rubber band. I count them to be a
little more than $40. Next to the money, there’s a white piece of paper that says:
“I never gave so much money to a stranger, but for some reason I trust you and
know you’ll use it for good things.”
HOW DID SHE KNOW ABOUT THIS?
I have no idea. But I must have mumbled something about the fundraiser in my
dazed, post-coital stupor last night. Know that state before you fall asleep with
someone, when you’re so semiconscious and dazed you can’t even remember what
you talked about? This must be it. Because I can’t think of any other way for her to
78Destination Poon
know. I only talked to her for three minutes, and it was so dark and late I can’t
remember anything, not even how she looked. I’d never recognize her now. One
thing I now know for sure:
Waking up in an empty bed next to a pile of cash from a girl you just slept with has a
strange way of making you feel cheap, used almost. Damn, IS THAT HOW
HOOKERS FEEL? WoundedZebra, if you ever read this, know that thanks to you, a
poor Cambodian kid can now ride to school on a bicycle. Hope you enjoyed my cock.
P.S. Over the following years, I try to pull off the same door-knocking trick on two
other occasions. Once with an exotic South African-Indian hybrid, and once with a
feminine Japanese girl. Both attempts fail spectacularly.
79Destination Poon
You Look Like a Pig
If I say somebody looks like a pig, they should take it with love. (Joan Rivers)
Have you ever been to Guatemala? Anyone visiting Central America somehow ends
up with this country on top of their favorites list. And for good reasons: It’s home to
some spectacular landscapes. People are extremely friendly. It’s crazy cheap. And
since everyone goes there, it attracts a lot of slutty party-girl ‘travelers’ who pack
their luggage with weed and condoms and spend half their time topless in an altered
state playing Jenga.
And this is why, my friends, every man with a functional pair of stones should travel
to Guatemala.
My story begins in a picturesque Guatemalan town called Flores. One day, I find
myself chatting with a cool Israeli dude who lives in the U.S. and grows medical
marijuana for a living. He’s a really nice guy, and has curly hair so thick he’s like a
living proof for the existence of Yetis. We’re chatting outside on a stairway that
connects my private room to a dense wooden attic that serves as a dorm with
mattresses. That’s where he’s staying. Very soon, he leans in close and whispers
something in my ear:
“See that tall German girl in the corner? She’s a famous runway model in New York.”
He googles some photos on his smartphone and points with his eyes to the inside of
the attic, where his Israeli friends are chilling out and smoking marijuana with two
European girls. One of them is a gorgeous blond Austrian dripping with delicious
pheromones, and the other a towering, beautiful German redhead that sits with her
legs crossed in a lotus position. She’s the professional model from the photos.
Shlomo Status: OPERATED.
In just a few minutes, IsraeliYeti and I amble in and crawl onto the burgundy wooden
80Destination Poon
floor of the attic. I try to come up with a decent plan as the aroma from the kitchen
downstairs intermingles with the smell of weed and combine for a very peculiar
scent. This is not going to be easy.
These two girls, they’re the kind that eat men for breakfast. Their egos are constantly
stroked, and if I want to end up inside one of them, I better be ready for ferocious
tests of my inner strength and charm. There’s no room for mistakes. They are
descendants of the great European heritage of brutal battles and cattle milking in the
Alps. Smallest sign of weakness and I’m toast.
But not this time.
You see, one of my fondest travel hobbies is giving modern women the forbidden
fruit of the chauvinistic cock. Many of them claim to be feminists, but it always makes
me smile when they look so much happier, wiser, and better when I send them back
to their boring natural habitat.
I sit down on one of the mattresses and find myself in a strange position. I am the
newcomer. I’m at the bottom of the totem pole. If I want to get one of these poons, I
have to ascend up the hierarchy of this circle. So my plan is this: Disregard the
females until I win the respect of all the males. That way, the men won’t feel
alienated, and by looking up to me, they themselves will drive the girls into my arms.
And that’s what I do.
I ignore the girls for a good while and make friends with all the men. The whole time,
I’m waiting for the perfect opportunity to stir emotions and drop a thermonuclear
pussy-moisturizing bomb. As always, I have no idea what I’m going to say, so I just
trust serendipity to work in my favor. GorgeousAustrian soon begins to move and
talk flamboyantly and unstoppably, with no end in sight:
“Guatemala is sooooooo amazing! Have you guys been to one of the volcanoes
already?”
81Destination Poon
Everybody responds with enthusiasm, trying to win her attention. I remain silent. She
soon changes the topic:
“I really want to go to Israel one day, you guys are so cool!”
I remain silent. Come on, sweetheart, gimme something to work with. She eventually
does:
“Israeli men always tell me I’m considered very beautiful in your country, is that
true?”
BINGO! She is insecure about her looks. For maximal emotional amplification, I
unsheathe the Reggie Excalibur:
“You look like a pig to me.”
Sweet, deep five seconds of silence take over the dorm.
Jaws drop. Eyebrows are raised in shock. I remain silent. He who talks first loses.
Everyone stares at me as if I have just suggested we go kill dogs for fun. They all
expect me to apologize. I can see it in their eyes. But I know better. Girls don’t fancy
apologizers, so I keep my smile on as if my words are nothing more than a playful
tease. Because they are just that.
Reggie the Silencer. Reggie the Cunning Sensei of Poon.
Now, men, if you’ve had more than a few girls in your life, then you know what the
response looks like. I’ve always said, instead of trying to make everyone like you,
take a bold position and make a few people love you. And GorgeousAustrian seems
to love me. She turns around to face me, laughing and moving theatrically as she
prods my elbow teasingly. I have set her heart and loins free. Oh, free at last! Her
first words:
82Destination Poon
“Hahahahahahaha you’re so evil!”
Austrian Poon Status: LUBRICATED.
Now pay close attention, brothers. Tear the next paragraph out and put it in your
wallet so that the next time when you‘re about to buy a drink to some hot chick, you’ll
think twice:
Very often, it’s easier to score with the best looking girls than with the good looking
ones. It may be because they’re a little insecure about being constantly judged for
something as finite and fading as beauty. It may also be because most men are so
awed and terrified to talk to them that their egos aren’t too stroked. And there’s just
simply less competition for them. Whatever the reason, remember that you’re often
more likely to score with the best looking girl than with a good looking one. Never
forget that.
And once you show a girl that her beauty has no hold on you, she feels as if she has
just lost her most valuable of cards. Her ace. Her secret weapon of destruction. The
female vagina, through an ancient genetic algorithm, loses all control to the presence
of a man who just doesn’t give a fuck.
We all end up going to a nightclub later, and GorgeousAustrian is all over me. I tell
her that I know more things about her than she thinks. She responds with
enthusiasm:
“Reaaaaaaaally?”
She’s very flamboyant and attention seeking, so I conclude she must have daddy
issues.
“Something happened with your dad when you were somewhere between eight to
twelve.”
83Destination Poon
“OH MY GOD, ARE YOU A MAGICIAN? HOW DID YOU KNOW?”
Ah, this never fails me. It’s as if I have a fine tuned sixth sense allowing me to X-ray
BPD souls. She keeps pecking around me like a hungry chicken, but I don’t give
myself up too easily:
“Be a good girl and I’ll tell you later.”
You never want to give yourself too easily to girls of top beauty. You must find a way
to flip the script. You must make her chase you. She keeps asking me, in sheer
amazement:
“HOW DID YOU KNOW???”
Eventually, I drop it:
“Let’s go out for a little talk and I’ll tell you.”
Bingo.
Outside, we sit on a sofa. I can’t remember what I said to her, only that I improvised
so much bullshit that I was in both disgust and awe of how convincing I can be. But
just when things got hot, just when I thought poon was about to be harvested, a pair
of cockblocking objects came surging into my way one after the other.
The first one was a drunk, blond English girl. She comes and sits right next to us on
the sofa, interrupting our little intimate, sexual dance. I find her rude, so I call forth
my inner Lucifer’s Offspring:
“Who the fuck are you?”
“I’m just listening!”
84Destination Poon
“Get out.”
“So you’re like... kicking me out?”
“Yes.”
“YOU ARE SO MEAN!”
She leaves. GUATEMALA IS MINE TONIGHT.
Two minutes later, the second object comes, and it’s such a pathetic display of
desperation I almost cry. It’s one of our Israeli friends. I talked to him earlier today,
but I didn’t know he was into GorgeousAustrian and had worked hard for her the
days before I arrived. He looks terrified of the idea that I’m stealing his princess.
Cute, naive, little buddy. If you’re terrified of losing a girl, then you’ve already lost
her. But he’s a part of the Israeli pack. He’s my brother in blood. And I feel kinship to
him, because we were talking quite a lot. I follow my code of honor and do what feels
like the right thing. I smile, wink to him, and leave them alone. It’s like for a split
second, I was a socialist caregiver, giving away premium pussy to the weak.
Reggie the Paragon of Virtue. Reggie the Israeli Brother.
But as you’ll see, Mother Karma never forgets your good deeds.
Two days later, I take a ten hour bus to Semuc Champey, a beautiful Guatemalan
area with dark caves, lush greenery, and crystal-clear turquoise waters. I stay in a
magically beautiful place called the Zephyr Lodge. It’s a guesthouse so perfectly
merged with its surrounding natural beauty it’s hard not to feel like you’re in a
fairytale.
Right when I arrive at Zephyr, I am invited to a table full of about a dozen
backpackers. I soon become the center of attention:
85Destination Poon
“OH MY GOD HAVE YOU BEEN TO THE ARMY?”
“Yeah.”
“So what do you do for a living?”
“Well, if you want to build an online business from scratch, or if you want to shred fat,
gain muscle, and get healthy, I’m your man.”
One of the girls snaps:
“THAT’S BULLSHIT! YOU DON’T NEED TO LOSE FAT TO BE HEALTHY!”
She’s actually not fat at all, and is quite sexy, but I smile and say:
“Why, just because you’ve got some flabby arms?”
She instantly lifts her hands in surrender and shuts the fuck up. Everyone erupts in
laughter, shocked by this demonstration of direct honesty. A discussion begins over
the topic. I tell them that obese people are usually irresponsible. Every sane person
around the table agrees with me, even though it’s a truth nobody likes to talk about.
Another Australian, a girl with an eagle nose, tells me to leave because I hurt her
friend’s feelings. I tell her she can leave herself. I later feel bad for her friend, so I go
and hug her in a private corner. She hugs me back and says she was really
impressed by my grace under pressure. Aren’t women so cute?
Half an hour later, I remember that I don’t yet have a room booked for the night, so I
go to the reception area. The employee there tells me all the rooms are booked. One
of the more lavish private rooms is available the next day, so I book it in advance.
But since I don’t have a bed for tonight, I end up sleeping in the bed of another
Australian, a very hot, blond girl with amazing boobs and a feminine smile. It’s in a
big, wooden dorm, and when I go there, I discover a hot fornication zone. There are
two different couples fucking on two different beds. I turn on my flashlight and
86Destination Poon
illuminate one of them. LIVE PORN! The dazzled guy raises his beardy head and
contracts his eyes:
“WHAT THE FUCK, MAN? TURN IT OFF!”
I tell him:
“Don’t mind me. I AM NOT REAL.”
But they are lame and cease to fuck, so I allow them to continue without me...
amateurs. When I wake up in the morning, I am a hairsbreadth away from landing
my feet on a used condom that isn’t mine. I look around and discover the magnitude
of destruction: THERE ARE USED CONDOMS ALL OVER THE FLOOR. It’s like
there was a massive gang bang when I was asleep. Yes, the collapse of the West is
near.
Three mornings later, I go to get a breakfast in the porch of Zephyr Lodge. That’s
when everything changes. I may have given up on GorgeousAustrian, but guess
who’s here now, reading a hefty book on a red hammock?
That’s right — GermanModel in all her towering glory.
The gurus were right! Give and you shall receive. I kneel to you, Mother Karma.
She looks at me with Bambi eyes. I come in close and deadpan:
“Don’t think you have a chance with me. I’m gay.”
Fast forward two hours later.
GermanModel and I are basking in the sunshine on top of a green, grassy mountain.
I tell her to close her eyes and imagine herself walking in a field full of red flowers. I
keep spewing out random bullshit for ten minutes, and the invisible barrier between
87Destination Poon
us soon shatters, and we have our tongues in each other’s mouth. She smiles and
says:
“Gay, uhh?”
I smile back. The gay trick never fails me.
We spend the day together, and I later take her back to my private room. It’s a room
so regal and sumptuous you’d think it was the main bedroom of the Taj Mahal.
There’s a special niche for the bed with a red curtain surrounding it. On the bed,
there are plenty of decorated pillows with indigenous textures and unique gems. I
have a porch facing the jungle and the sunset, and there’s a hammock and another
bed in there. I have my own kingdom.
But... GermanModel won’t give it away easily. No matter how hard I try, no matter
how many breaks I take and start all over again, she keeps resisting my attempts to
slide in. Soon, my balls are so blue I can barely move without grimacing in pain.
Eventually, we just fall asleep. But when morning comes, the horses break loose.
It’s as if falling asleep together has shifted some mechanism in her brain. As if she
will no longer feel slutty if something happens. And immediately when we wake up, I
get her panties off. I begin to jackhammer GermanModel so hard I feel like I’m about
to break her fragile runway model body. She’s so skinny you can put ink in her
mouth, turn her upside down, and use her as a pen. But very soon, something
unexpected happens. When we’re done with our act, and when the blanket rolls off
her feet, I see it for the first time.
OH MY GOD.
Like an incoming shower of meteors, my fight-or-flight mechanism begins to kick in.
It stares at me like a black mamba threatening to give a deadly dose of venom.
WHAT THE FUCK IS THIS?
88Destination Poon
SHE HAS MASSIVE FEET AND BLACK TOENAILS.
Now, I’m not talking about black nail polish. And I’m not talking about dirt either. I’m
talking about something much worse. There seems to be some rare, disgusting kind
of fungal bacteria on her toenails. Not the yellowish kind you see on old people, but a
totally different species. With a bone-char hue of black.
“WHAT IS WRONG WITH YOUR FEET?”
She gets shy and immediately curls them back under the blanket. But the image was
so different than anything I’ve ever seen that it was instantly, irreversibly branded
into my brain. I just can’t forget it. It’s like when you find a cockroach in your home
and it manages to escape and disappear. You know it’s there somewhere, but you
wish you never saw it in first place so that you wouldn’t be worried. That’s how I felt.
GermanModel just says:
“Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhh... sorry.”
She soon leaves, and I am left in my room thinking, how can a girl so impressive
have the most hideous feet I’ve ever seen? Mother Fortuna and Mother Karma have
their ways of fucking with us just when we least expect it. Fuck you, Fortuna. And
fuck you Karma, too.
When evening comes, GermanModel returns to my room. I make sure to turn off
every light. I don’t want to see anything. It’s one of those rare cases where reality is
more disturbing than imagination. Very soon, she’s all over me again on my Taj
Mahal bed, but I can feel my intestines shout in terror when her feet rub against
mine.
HOLY CRAP.
I begin to jackhammer her, but I try to mentally concentrate like a Zen monk. I try to
think of her pretty blue eyes, her nice hips, and her long legs. Oh, fuck, I forgot her
89Destination Poon
feet are attached to those legs! The memory, the image, it’s just stronger than me.
The image of her hobbit feet and the bone-char black toenails. I keep pumping
stronger and stronger, as if I can get rid of this traumatizing memory by sheer force.
But it doesn’t work, and I recoil whenever our feet brush against each other. I feel
like I’m trying to avoid being hit in dodgeball.
We’re soon finished, and GermanModel goes to the bathroom to do whatever the
hell it is that girls do in the bathroom after sex. That’s the turning point, because half
a minute later, I can hear her voice from the bathroom:
“Ahhhhhhhhhhh, I guess I can’t use the toileeeeeeet!”
Next thing you know, GermanModel storms out of my room without even saying
goodbye. These rude Germans! Can’t even appreciate my love. But why did she
storm out? What could have possibly happened that has made her react that way?
Was it the remark I made about her feet earlier? Perhaps — not unlike that
fornicating couple in the dorm — she was having performance anxiety when I was
nearby? My bathroom is indeed very close to my Taj Mahal bed. And then... just
then... it hits me like a brick in the face.
Or nose.
At first, it’s only my eyes that begin to contract.
Then the nostrils.
Three seconds later, I can barely breathe.
Half a minute later, the room smells like a nasty pigsty.
HOW COULD I FORGET? It must have been the sex that eliminated all worries, or
maybe the fact that I’m used to living like that since my days in the military. Lo and
behold:
90Destination Poon
The second day, when I first got this private, lavish room, I immediately marked my
territory by taking a massive dump. But I also did the forbidden and unforgiven when
I forgot that we’re in Central America and stuffed the toilet with paper. As a result, it
was completely clogged when I flushed, and water came all the way up. I was too
lazy to unclog it, so I just kept taking more daily dumps on top of the pile of shit that
was already there, figuring the staff would clean it when I left. What can I say? I’m a
man too busy to unclog toilets. It was also like a nice little game, taking the daily
dump and raising the height of this Mount Reggie to a full potential. But the
combined stench was so bad I had to keep the lid closed all day. After a few days, it
developed such a unique, strong scent of aged feces that no normal human would
be able to withstand it for more than a few minutes.
So when GermanModel opened the lid, a surprise awaited her. And me? I just
bursted out laughing my ass off. I erupted into hysterical laughter so raw and
powerful my belly muscles started to fatigue. I laughed for fifteen minutes straight,
and because happiness is only real when shared, I stormed out myself and called
my buddy Amir to come and witness the scale of destruction. He entered my room,
and began to erupt in laughter himself:
“HAHAHAHA, THAT’S WHY SHE RAN LIKE A LUNATIC!”
He was outside the whole time, and he had seen her when she ran out. This moment
of laughter gave momentum to a detailed, manly conversation about shit and sex.
And it was so long that Amir ended up falling asleep on the bed in my porch. Two
Israelis and a clogged toilet — it was like the army again!
The next morning, GermanModel was no longer at Zephyr. But a message from her
awaited me on Facebook:
“I’m sorry I left the room like that... I’m in Antigua now. Are you coming here?”
“No” I wrote back, “But I’ll always remember you.”
91Destination Poon
92Destination Poon
Banging Somalia... And a Laptop
If you do nothing unexpected, nothing unexpected happens. (Fay Weldon)
The hunt for poon can be a bonding thing, even between supposed enemies. But if
you told me I was about to share an apartment with a Moroccan guy in a Muslim
neighborhood, I’d tell you that you’re either crazy or totally unaware of the situation in
the Middle East.
This story happens in Rome, where I went to follow the Path of Illumination from Dan
Brown’s brilliant novel Angels & Demons. I stayed at an awesome camping site —
forgot its name — that is very popular among young travelers with a ravenous
appetite for cheap beer, cheap parties, and cheap sex with strangers.
One night in the camping site’s nightclub, the emotional peak of hormones and
adventure inspires me to approach a random pair of blond Dutch girls. Illuminated by
the party laser beams, I twirl them together like two ballerinas. Behind us, there’s a
suspicious, ripped, dark-skinned man. His muscles are so big they protrude from his
tight shirt. He must be the bouncer here. It’s always good to make friends with the
bouncers, so I talk to him:
“Brazilian?”
“Moroccan. But people always say I look Brazilian.”
We begin to talk for a while, because I’ve never met a young person from Morocco. I
learn that in contrast to his stark visuals, he’s quite a modest and self-effacing guy.
His name is Tayeb and he was born in Morocco, raised in Paris, and now lives in
London. He spends his days in London between a banking job, Brazilian Jiu Jitsu
workouts, and practicing an art form of picking up girls. He’s excited:
“I saw you twirling those two girls for three spins in a row! It was hilarious! You’re
what we call a ‘natural’ in our community.”
93Destination Poon
I tell him, how can I be a natural if I spent all my teenage years playing World of
Warcraft? I explain to him that when it comes to everything, there’s a certain learning
curve one has to go through until it becomes second nature. That I, too, had to learn
it, only through common sense and repeated trial and error. He begins to explain:
“Man, feminism killed our culture in Europe. Women say they want us soft and nice,
so we’re raised that way, but they end up not attracted to us.”
I smile and say:
“A girl’s logic and emotions can be so contradictory you might end up wondering if
she has an evil twin.”
“Hahahaha! Are they the same in Israel?”
“It’s different. Our girls say out loud that they want a man to be stronger than them so
they feel protected.”
You see, Israeli girls are free to do whatever they want. They work. They serve in the
military. But they also grow up in very tight, loving families and develop into
emotionally sound adults. A universe away from the average modern careerist
woman, most Israeli girls will always put family as first priority. I tell Tayeb that while
we’re constantly occupied with survival and rocket attacks, the women of his kin are
so bored they busy themselves with lesbian marriage and pole dancing. Somewhere
during Western women’s futile pursuit of happiness, they forget to do what ultimately
fulfills them: Building and nurturing a family.
Over the next few days, Tayeb and I become such good buddies that we spend the
whole time in the camping site together. We share a big tent and munch on whole
chickens in the afternoons. Even though our cultures are the arch-enemies of each
other, we become like brothers. One night, he returns to the tent late and wakes me
up:
94Destination Poon
“Reggie.... Reggie...”
I open my eyes, dazed, confused, and semiconscious. He says:
“I need a condom...”
Ah, the beauty of travel. Everyone’s a slut. I give him two and drift off back to sleep.
Five minutes later, I am awakened by a scene that is instantly seared into my
memory forever. It is Tayeb pounding an Australian girl so ponderous she’s a few
genes away from crossing the species barrier to a mammoth. Cattle rights apply to
her. Tayeb pounds the beast with so much force his bed repeatedly smashes against
the floor. He must have woken the entire camping site, because the tents were all
made out of thin cloth. The sound of skin slapping against skin is too much to bear,
and I find it hard to fall back to sleep. I put a pillow over my head and wait for this
hideous cross-species perversion to come to an end.
A few days later, Tayeb flies back to London and invites me over to his apartment.
London here we come.
Tayeb lives in a neighborhood full of Islamic Bangladeshis. He shares the apartment
with his Brazilian Jiu Jitsu friend, Pablo, a Spanish guy with a calm demeanor mixed
with the occasional playfulness that makes him a unique character. He eats Greek
yogurt with berries, after which he injects himself with insulin to manage his diabetes.
The injections seem strange to me, because like Tayeb, he is so ripped he radiates
health rather than illness.
Another Brazilian Jiu Jitsu friend of theirs has his own apartment but comes and
crashes with us every few days. His name is Ashley. He’s a massive, handsome
black guy from Jamaica. Working as an actor in London, Ashley is one of the most
pure fun and creative persons I have ever spent time with. Like his BJJ friends, he is
also ripped to the bone. He sleeps on a mattress next to mine, and Tayeb constantly
takes photos of us when we’re sleeping, saying we look like refugees from Kosovo.
95Destination Poon
Sleeping next to Ashley is really a unique experience. We sleep head to toe, so I fall
asleep and wake up next to his huge feet. I feel like I’m sleeping next to LeBron
James. Tayeb, Pablo and Ashely, if you guys are reading this, know that I fucking
love you and that my home is always open to you.
One day, they all take me to their BJJ workout. I get my ass kicked by a tiny
redheaded girl. But while she’s busy trying to submit me, I touch her boobs in a way
that doesn’t look obvious. It’s Jiu Jitsu against Jew Jitsu. We both win. We later go to
a session of Brazilian dancing called Forró. What’s with all these Brazilian things?
There’s an exotic girl there with olive skin, silky hair, and a good face that radiates a
good future mom for your kids. She is accompanied by two men. Tayeb smiles and
decides to help a brother out:
“We’ll help you isolate her from those two guys.”
That’s the first time in my life I hear the term “isolate” outside the conversational
sphere of whey protein, nutritional supplements, and scientific experiments.
What happens next is quite impressive. In one swift move, completely free of
hesitation, Pablo and Tayeb assault the two poor guys. Every move seems to be
calculated, because they occupy them in a way that rotates their back so that they
no longer face me. This leaves me with the exotic girl, who I learn is a rare import
from the Maldives.
Another night, on our walk back from a bar, we see two black girls. They aren’t
particularly attractive, just decent, but at that time I still didn’t have a black girl on my
sexual bucket list. So like a savvy Jew, I seize the opportunity:
“You may have been born in Africa, but you’ve never seen a lion like me.”
“Hahahahaha!”
“Let me guess: Ethiopia.”
96Destination Poon
“Very close! Somalia.”
Oh. My. God. They’re black and Muslim. That’s two birds with one stone! We flirt for
ten minutes, and they give me their phone numbers. A Somali guy with a red
bandana then comes from nowhere and stares into my eyes:
“I’ll cut your balls if you touch any of my girls.”
The girls smile and tell me:
“Don’t mind him. He’s always like that.”
I stare back at him and smile. You pirate, if only you knew you’re surrounded by a
crew of ripped Brazilian Jiu Jitsu fighters — all too ready to kick your sorry ass back
to Somalia — you’d be whistling a different tune.
The next day, we invite the two Somali girls to the apartment. Tayeb isn’t there, so it’s
only Pablo and me. Just like me, he’s eager to get his share of African poon. We all
sit on a blanket outside, but a funny thing happens:
BOTH GIRLS CATFIGHT OVER ME.
As a result, one of the girls pushes her friend to leave with her. There’s no sense of
finality about it, and I know that she’s just afraid that I like her friend more. Like
Tayeb, she too has her own tactics. When they leave, Pablo shrugs and tells me that
they both wanted me. I smile and tell him a phrase I translate from Hebrew:
“There’s no woman who doesn’t give, only a man who doesn’t take.”
He gets some berries from the fridge, injects some insulin, and goes to sleep.
The next day, SneakySomali sends me a message again. She wants to see me. I
97Destination Poon
begin to try and persuade Tayeb into lending me his bed because I have nowhere
comfortable to fuck. And I’m not going to do it on that old floor mattress. I’m not
Bangladeshi. Tayeb is moot to the idea:
“Bro, I don’t wanna smell your sperm on my bed!”
“DON’T WORRY, I’LL USE A CONDOM!”
“Ahhhhhhhh but it’s still disgusting!”
“C’mon, you know I’d do it for you if it was the opposite!”
“Come on man, just do it on the mattress!”
The Amazing Pablo then comes to my rescue and becomes an enthusiastic
proselytizer for the idea, adding some social pressure on Tayeb to let me fuck on his
bed:
“Come on Tayeb, help a brother out! He’ll let you fuck on his bed when we go to
Israel.”
Tayeb relents and acquiesces, although tentatively. Apparently, the fragile promise of
pussy is all it takes to make a pick up artist like him give up his warm bed. I make a
mental note to give him ten extra friendship points. When a man lets you fuck on his
bed, you know you can trust him with your life.
In the evening, SneakySomali comes over, and I immediately take her to Tayeb’s
room. I leave his door unlocked so he can slip in quietly in the morning to dress for
his job. SneakySomali looks to be in a strange state of excitement mixed with the
tingles of nerves and discomfort. I feel like Putin next to his secretary. So like a
proper Russian president, I hand her one of Tayeb’s bottles of vodka to relax. She
immediately begins to drink it, and I am in both shock and awe of the huge glug that
she takes. She drinks it like it’s water. We soon kiss and lay flat on Tayeb’s bed. I try
98Destination Poon
to undo her bra, but she takes my hand off:
“We’re not gonna have sex tonight.”
YEAH RIGHT.
When a girl tells you, “We’re not gonna have sex tonight,” what she really means is,
“We’re not gonna have sex tonight, unless you try again a few more times so that I
don’t feel like a slut.”
I try again and again, but she always stops me. After a few more attempts, she leans
in and whispers seductively in my ear with great relish:
“I think I understand now... you just want to fuck an Africana!”
Sharp girl. Even with vodka, women are indeed the better sex at reading emotions. I
don’t know what to say, so I just smile and disregard it. After about half an hour of
hot-cold, I finally manage to undo her bra. Our hands begin to explore each other’s
flesh. I can barely see her boobs, because the blackness of her skin blends in with
the darkness of the room. Her skin is amazing. Damn, black women are awesome! I
then grab both her wrists with one hand. I use the other hand to roll her panties off
her legs. She’s impressed. Tayeb’s bed is about to be destroyed.
Three minutes later, my cock is finally inside. We’re in the missionary position, and it
feels nice and warm. But there’s something else bothering me. What the...?
IT WON’T GO ALL THE WAY IN.
It’s like her hips don’t quite align naturally with mine. She’s too narrow! There’s not
enough space between her legs for me. When I pump in, Shlomo is stopped mid-
way when the upper part of her thighs interrupts my movement. We’re designed
differently, biomechanically speaking. As if we aren’t supposed to replicate. But is
this really going to stop me from having my first sexual experience with a black
99Destination Poon
woman? Come on.
For a moment, I stop and run the whole Kama Sutra in my head. Immediately, the
answer becomes clear: DOGGY STYLE! This position should override the structural
issue we’re dealing with. I turn SneakySomali around and begin to pump again.
Guess what? It goes inside... FULLY!
Reggie the Bodyhacker. Reggie the Sexorcist. Reggie the Slayer of Dark Poons.
As I jackhammer her from behind, SneakySomali moans and speaks in some
peculiar language. Is that Somali? Is she possessed? Did she inherit some strips of
rhinoceros DNA? I don’t know. I don’t care. I decide instead to focus on my own
pleasure. Everything goes according to plan, until... there’s the sound of a loud
crash:
BAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAM!
We both spring up in terror and look around. Did the Somali dude with the red
bandana throw a grenade? We look to every side, and through the window, but
there’s no clue to anything alarming. Fuck that, we continue to fornicate. Now that
my eyes are adjusted to the darkness, I look down as I penetrate her. The contrast of
white against black is hypnotizing. Together, we soon fall into a deep, calm sleep.
In the morning, I begin to hear someone whispering:
“Reggie....”
“Reggieee....”
“Reggieeeeeee!”
I’m so wiped out I can’t figure out if this is reality or a dream.
100Destination Poon
“Reggieeeeeeeee!!“
“Reggieeee!”
Eventually, I open my eyes. Guess who’s there? SneakySomali? SomaliPirate? Not
at all.
It’s Tayeb. But... why?
“What the fuck man?”
There’s a look of fear in his eyes:
“Did you hear the boom last night? IT WAS MY LAPTOP!”
“What happened?”
“YOU DROPPED IT ON THE FLOOR!”
Ho. Ly. Crap. Apparently, Tayeb’s laptop was charging on the edge of the bed when I
was fucking SneakySomali. So that’s what this loud crashing sound was! We
bounced it off directly onto the floor. I started to laugh, promising Tayeb a new laptop
if I had destroyed it. We checked it later, and luckily, it was working flawlessly.
Overall, I have two main conclusions from my time in London:
First, the doggy style isn’t just a position. It’s a lifesaver. Second, I think we found the
solution to the Middle East conflict: Let each side — both Arabs and Jews — fuck on
the other’s beds.
101Destination Poon
Kibbutz 69
Know the rules well, so you can break them effectively. (Dalai Lama XIV)
You know what a kibbutz is, right?
It’s basically a communal settlement in Israel, a concept the socialist movement
started several decades ago in an effort to promote equality. Everyone had to give
away their monetary income to the kibbutz and it would then be distributed equally
among the people. Women were encouraged to be involved in the finances and the
workforce, even to cut their hair short. The goal was creating an egalitarian utopia, a
homogenous society where everyone is the same.
The result?
It failed spectacularly.
Since humans are inherently unequal, the kibbutz people began to redistribute
organically each according to his or her nature. Men naturally tended to be more
involved in the finances of the kibbutz. The ladies in the health system and education
of the kids. And unsurprisingly, high-earners found it unfair to share the rewards of
their hard work with the slothful and the less intellectually fortunate. So things quickly
got back to normal and the concept collapsed. But it left one little side effect:
SLUTS.
The original kibbutz system was like a massive factory manufacturing intelligent girls
with open minds and open legs. Was it because of its ravenous liberalism? Was it
because most of the girls were detached from their parents and raised collectively by
the kibbutz, thus developing emotional issues? I can’t say for sure, but my
experience has taught me that a lot of kibbutz girls are peace and love hippies with a
voracious sexual appetite. So, whenever I visit a kibbutz, I know there’s some golden
pussy to mine.
102Destination Poon
Which brings us right into this story.
One night, many years ago, I go with a friend to drink beer at one of the bars in our
area. I won’t give up the kibbutz name or location, but let’s just say it’s a small place
without too many people.
When we reach the bar, I order a thick pint of stout beer. In less than two minutes,
the bartender brings it to my table and invites herself to sit down with us because the
place is empty. We don’t mind because she has big boobs.
Fast forward an hour.
She’s flipped upside-down in a standing 69 position with her lips wrapped around my
cock. I am a happy man tonight. I use one hand to hold her waist and the other to
lean against a tree. Our rhythm patter on the leaves. I struggle to keep my firm grip. I
don’t want this versatile sexual virtuoso to yank my dick off and land on her head. It’s
an odd place for a tryst, because we’re literally on a dark patch of earth right in the
center of the kibbutz.
This, my friends, is why I love kibbutz girls.
There’s a good sexual synergy between us, so I end up visiting KibbutzBartender
again in two days. But after she fucks me like a champion mare for an hour, her face
becomes filled with an expression I can only describe as guiltless guilt:
“I’m so disappointed in myself, I don’t know what’s happening to me.”
I feel like a stoic philosopher and tell her that she’s not so bad, and that practice
makes perfect. She looks at me, confused, and tells me:
“No no, it’s just that I... I... I have a boyfriend. I’ve never cheated on him before. He’s
been abroad for the past few months.”
103Destination Poon
What am I supposed to say? I feel nothing special. Not for her, and obviously not for
me. Remember: Men do their 1/3 of the work by putting themselves out there, but for
the interaction to end up in sex, women need to grant access and contribute the
other 2/3 of the work. If a woman chooses to cheat, it’s her fault. But I still tell her
that no one is wiser than her own heart — except for me —and that I think she needs
to end their relationship because it’s unfair to him.
Three days later, KibbutzBartender invites me over to her parents’ mansion because
they’re gone for the weekend. Of course I come, because the prospect ignites my
fantasies like a kid before Christmas. What are we going to do? Do they have a
jacuzzi? How many different rooms will I defile? I decide to share the love and bring
my good friend Natty along. I tell KibbutzBartender to bring a friend for him.
Fast forward another two hours.
KibbutzBartender and I are inside the open coliseum of the kibbutz, her lips again
wrapped around my Shlomo. She is seated on a nook in the concrete and is
attached to my cock like a hungry baby to his mom’s nipple. I’m not kidding, she’s so
passionately glued to it she’s like a leech sucking the life force out of me. There’s a
thick bush partly blocking my view from her friend and Natty, who are two dozen
yards away from us and seem to be taking things too slowly. So with
KibbutzBartender still attached to my cock, I excuse one of my hands and grab my
phone to SMS Natty:
“ATTAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAACK!!”
Through the bush, I can see Natty looking at the message, smiling. He then decides
to take things more sexually and lead the girl to what must be the bar where
KibbutzBartender works. It’s closed now, but there are cushioned seats outside for
times just like this. When they disappear into the shadows, I look down on
KibbutzBartender and enjoy the sight of her thoroughly engrossed in enthusiasm.
Ten minutes later, the sour tartness of my sperm explodes across her tongue and
104Destination Poon
coaxes a surprised choke from her throat. She spits it all out. I grin in triumph. THIS
KIBBUTZ IS MINE.
But there’s also something else about her that I notice right there in the coliseum.
Her eyes, they seem to be glowing in... ADMIRATION. Is this girl actually falling in
love with me? We continue and ramble through the howling wind in the open area
around the kibbutz, and she soon begins to try and extract some promise of
commitment from me. But, HELLO, what the fuck do you expect? After cheating on
your boyfriend with me, trying to get me to commit to you is chasing something as
insubstantial a wisp of smoke.
Thirty minutes later, I lead KibbutzBartender to the bar. Natty should be there, and he
should be done with KibbutzBartender’s friend by now. But when we reach the bar, I
discover that he’s not. The scene in front of us is like amateur porn:
THEY’RE STILL MAKING OUT.
What the fuck, Natty? They’re still in foreplay, perhaps a few minutes away from the
actual act itself. Natty looks at me with contempt, because KibbutzBartender’s friend
sees us and stops everything. We have killed their whole sense of intimacy. The girls
begin to talk between themselves, and Natty whispers in my ear:
“YOU FUCKED IT UP! Now we’re fifty-fifty.”
Hahahahahahahaha! Back in the army, we had a special, secluded room people
used to call “the brothel.” It was a room where two soldiers often did some
monitoring shifts, and occasionally it was a male and a female. So OF COURSE it
rapidly blossomed into a rabid mating ground. It became the unofficial empire of the
sluts and studs of our base. Go inside with an ultraviolet lamp and you’ll find enough
dry DNA to map the entire Israeli genome.
But why are we fifty-fifty?
105Destination Poon
One day, I was there there with a Jewish-Russian soldier with a perfect hourglass
figure, massive boobs, and a gigantic baggage of emotional issues. Like
KibbutzBartender, she too had a boyfriend, and we gave each other topless
massages in the room. I was at my most ripped back then, and she was impressed:
“Oh my God, you have the sexiest back I’ve ever seen.”
Things started to escalate, and just when I was about to penetrate and temporarily fill
the void in her broken soul, there was a loud smack on the door. I was so worried I
instantly crawled down to the damp, disgusting area under the bed. It was full of
spider webs and enough dirt that would make an asthma patient choke to death, but
it was crucial to stay there.
You see, in the army, I was notorious for causing havoc. My discipline commander
once caught me shirtless, in my undies and military boots on, mimicking Axl Rose
with Guns N’ Roses music in the background. IN HIS OFFICE. I managed to get
away from it, but if he caught me having sex — I would have surely gone to jail. And
since the door smacks only intensified, I was sure it was him. He was the only one
who knocked like that.
I felt like a Gecko, crammed under this rusty bed, covered in spider webs, dust, and
the dry DNA of past mischievous soldiers just like me. I tried to curl my legs as much
as I could so that when SexyRussian opened the door, he wouldn’t be able to see
me. She quickly put her shirt and shoes on again, and it took her a minute to
summon enough fortitude to open the door. But when she did, I discovered the
knocks didn’t belong to my discipline commander. They belonged to...
NATTY!
That’s why he’s just said we’re fifty-fifty. Mother Karma gives him a lesson. We have
both cockblocked each other. We’re even now. Natty, you know I still love you.
But the real disturbing part begins when both Natty and I go with KibbutzBartender to
106Destination Poon
her home. Her friend has left because she had to wake up early. And since we’re all
exhausted by now, we’re just lying on her bed, mumbling in the semiconscious state
you drift in before you fall asleep. She falls asleep first, and a stroke of Reggie
kinship inspires me to whisper to Natty:
“Pss, pss! Natty, you wanna bang her with me? Don’t worry, I’ll do the talking.”
But Natty refuses. He never does things like that. For some strange reason, he
always prefers not to mess with the “loot” of his friends. That’s strange, because I
have no emotions for this girl and couldn’t care less. Fuck you, Natty, you’re a better
man than I am.
So when Natty falls asleep, I wake KibbutzBartender up and take her to the
bathroom where she sucks my dick. I also fuck her from behind as she leans against
the white marble sink. But since I forgot to bring any condoms with me, I pull out and
fire a barrage of seed across the entire marble bathroom. There’s so much sperm
that I feel sorry for whoever has to clean it up tomorrow. We then leave the bathroom
and the sympathy leaves my mind.
But it is also then when a crucial turn of events takes place. KibbutzBartender comes
close to my ear and whispers softly, partly licking it with her tongue:
“Reggie, you guys have to leave. I have a Torah exam in four hours.”
WHAT?
THIS CAN NOT BE HAPPENING.
This hits my head like a brick. HOW OLD IS SHE? Am I a pedophile? Did I mess
with a minor? I immediately shoot back:
“TORAH EXAM?”
107Destination Poon
She looks at me, confused.
“What do you mean? I have an exam in Torah tomorrow.”
“HOW OLD ARE YOU?”
“I was sixteen last month.”
F-U-C-K.
FUCKKKKKK!
FUCKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKK!!
AM I GOING TO JAIL?
You know those moments when you feel really fucked beyond salvation? When you
know there’s absolutely nothing you can do to save the situation? This was one of
those times. I feel heaviness infusing my whole body, like there’s lead in my veins.
Goodbye, rest of my life.
This girl was so developed, both physically and mentally, that I had no doubt she
was in her twenties. And also, SHE WORKS AS A FUCKING BARTENDER! How
can a minor sell alcohol? It’s prohibited by law. I ask her:
“HOW THE FUCK ARE YOU WORKING AS A BARTENDER IF YOU’RE SIXTEEN?”
“The owner doesn’t mind, and I am very mature!”
MATURE DOESN’T GET MY ASSHOLE OUT OF JAIL.
We soon leave and I live under this black cloud of fear for months, the whole time
hoping for KibbutzBartender to still be locked in her surreal world of admiration and
108Destination Poon
love for me. But I was sick of it one day, so I went into the Israeli law website and
discovered that you can only be sentenced to jail if the girl is... drum roll please:
UNDER 16!
OH. MY. GOD. I LOVE YOU MOTHER FORTUNA! MY LIFE IS SAVED BY A MERE
MONTH!
Ever since this accident, KibbutzBartender still calls to wish me a happy birthday
every single year. The last call she gave me was an hour after diving in the Red Sea.
She said:
“I will never, ever forget our sex. It’s one of those times you just can’t forget. It was
really one of a kind.”
Unlike men, women never forget exciting lovers from their past. Another reason to
avoid girls with a high notch count. I held my tongue for a few seconds before I said:
“Yeah, no doubt it was one of a kind.”
109Destination Poon
The Virgin Island
What men desire is a virgin who is a whore. (Edward Dahlbert)
Imagine yourself stuck on a ridiculously tiny island of about fifteen people, among
them not one, not two — but more than half a dozen virgins. Seriously, put the book
down and immerse your mind in the thought of this happening. How would you act?
How many virgins would you attempt to defile? How many dirty fantasies would you
try to bring to life?
This exact scenario happened to me on a very remote, very tiny Caribbean island in
Panama. In fact, the island is so tiny you can walk all the way around it in less than
five minutes. And so it can only accommodate a small group of people at a time.
I reach this island by sailing on a small green canoe. It’s a beautiful area, and when I
step my feet on the sand for the first time, I am astonished. The sky is azure blue
with snow white clouds, and there are a bunch of colorful birds, possibly parrots,
flying above us. I see many coconut trees all around, and I’m surrounded by waters
so turquoise I feel as if I am a part of a postcard. There are also a dozen straw
bungalows nestled on the beach. A short distance away, two Israeli girls play
basketball on the sand so intensely you could easily mistake them for LeBron James
and Steph Curry. One of them has big boobs so I immediately try to assert my
dominance:
“Give me one guess: Lesbians.”
They smile. The one with big boobs comes close to me:
“OH MY GOD, HOW DID YOU KNOW?”
I smile back.
“You’re what I call high-testosterone girls. Why do you think you two play basketball
110Destination Poon
so seriously?”
I get close to her friend and raise her shirt up, exposing her abdomen as I continue:
“See this waist-to-hip ratio? When it’s not shaped like an hourglass or a guitar, it’s
usually an indicator of a manly hormonal profile from birth.”
They’re both hooked now like addicts on heroin. Their eyes light up. Ha! Finally a
useful outlet for my biology knowledge. The one with big boobs goes nuts:
“OH MY GOD, TELL ME MORE!!”
“You are bi-sexual. Your waist-to-hips ratio is still feminine, and you’ve got big
boobs.”
Impressed and awed, she confirms my suspicions and looks in love with me. She
then throws the ball to me and we begin to play for a while. One thing leads to
another and her friend tells me that she has never had sex with a man before. Wait,
what?
YEAH BABY.
Nasty thoughts begin to run through my mind. How awesome would it be to be the
first for a men-virgin lesbian? But the thought leaves my mind as fast as it enters:
This girl isn’t as good looking as her friend, and no matter how impressive the
conquest, I don’t want to have memories of naked war pigs.
The real story begins the next day when a new batch of mostly Israeli travelers
approach the island on another boat. I immediately love what I see, because there
are only three men and more than ten women there. Happy Hunger Games Reggie!
And may the odds be ever in your favor.
I stand on the dock to welcome them. I am shirtless. I am tanned. I have sexy beard
111Destination Poon
stubble. And because I am on a higher platform, my crotch is pointed right in their
faces. The girls step off first and begin to ask me all kinds of questions. They think
that I’ve been here for ages, and I play the game. As always, pretend to be in control
and people will assume that you are:
“Oh my God, you’re so tan! How long have you been here?”
“Say hello to King Solomon and his island harem.”
“Where is the toilet?”
“You have to find old, open coconuts and shit inside.”
“Where do we sleep?”
“The right question to ask is: When do I get to sleep with you?”
THIS IS GOING TO TURN EPIC. I AM GOING TO RULE THIS ISLAND.
An hour later, we’re all in the water and I pick up a starfish to scare the girls. They all
run in terror but seem to love me for my playfulness. I immediately forgive them for
all their character flaws.
Evening comes and we all sit to eat. One of the girls is so skinny and so stupid I
figure her brain didn’t receive a constant stream of oxygen and nutrients so it failed
to develop properly. She’s so stupid she doesn’t even know she’s stupid. At that
point, the lesbians have left the island, but the people around the table seem to be
just as fascinated by my biology preachings. All except for this dumb, skinny girl:
“Can’t you talk about something more interesting?”
“Fine. Let’s talk about things your brain can comprehend...”
112Destination Poon
I smirk and raise a fork up in the air:
“FORKS.”
Everyone erupts in laughter. I LOVE THIS ISLAND.
Oh, you know how they call you to come eat on this island? With a massive conch
shell you can blow through. It makes the sound of a ram horn. The same sound as
the Shofar that Jews use in Passover. So that night, I convene a revengeful meeting
by waking up and corralling my friends Dor and Yftach. Revengeful, because the
sexiest girl in the island spilled beer on my belly earlier when I was tanning and I
have planned this payback the whole day. She’s a hot, twenty-year old Israeli with an
hourglass shape, goat-eyed feminine face, and fake breasts. She’s also
DumbSkinny’s soulmate from Israel.
So we crawl through the darkness, sneak in the main “office hut,” and commandeer
the shell. For the next hour, we search all around the island to find FakeBreasts. It
takes us an hour because it’s so pitch black we can’t see a damn thing. We just see
silhouettes in the huts, and we have to use our imaginations to understand who
specifically each girl is. I also run two pretests, because just like a trumpet, this shell
takes practice to get attuned to.
First, I go to the largest hut of the girls. FakeBreasts isn’t sleeping there, so it’s a
good place for practice. I blow the shell right outside as hard as I can:
“TTTTTTTTTTTTTTMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM!”
They all scream. We’re laughing so hard outside we can hardly breath. I give Dor the
trumpet and he waits five minutes before he does the same:
“TTTTTTTTTTTMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM!”
They all scream again:
113Destination Poon
“WHO IS THAT?”
“WHAT WAS THAT?”
“OH MY GOD!!!”
They now begin to blame one of the girls, but she says:
“I SWEAR IT’S NOT ME! IT MUST BE REGGIE!”
Our next test occurs five minutes later. We scuttle along the shore and find one of
the guys with a young, aspiring model from Israel. The moon illuminates them and
she rests her head on his shoulder right where the water hits the sand. I sneak up
behind them and blow as hard as I can:
“TTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM
M!”
IsraeliModel bursts out with a scream and we begin to LAUGH our asses off. THIS
SHELL IS AMAZING. WE ARE THE KINGS OF THIS ISLAND!
Right after this, we slowly, slowly sneak inside FakeBreasts’ hut. We only think that
it’s her, because it’s so dark we can’t see a damn thing except for a silhouette that
reassembles her body. I give Dor my smartphone and he begins to record. Yftach
and I slowly approach FakeBreasts, walking so slowly we’re like two Mossad agents
before eliminating a major terrorist leader. When we’re close, I know for sure it’s her.
Because DumbSkinny is right next to her, and we can’t mistake her thinness. And
also because FakeBreasts’ two silicon hills are too grandiose to misjudge. I step in
close, an inch away from her face, and blow the shell right next to her ear, as hard as
I can:
“TTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM
114Destination Poon
MMMMMM!”
She recoils in terror like a surprised cat, jumping up as she begins to scream:
“MOM! WHY ME????? WHY ME???????”
We erupt in intense laughter and run away from the hut. FakeBreasts and
DumbSkinny have their own little revenge the following morning when they wake me
up by spilling two bottles of cold water all over me. What can I say? Israeli girls
always have the final say.
That morning, we all find ourselves playing football on the sand. I very quickly end up
in the water with another Israeli girl straddled on me. She has the biggest natural
boobs I have ever seen in my entire life. I soon remove her panties in the water and
try to go inside. One problem:
IT DOESN’T GO IN.
It’s so tight her vagina must be more waterproof than a GoPro wrapped in a ziplock.
“FUCK! What’s up?”
She looks a little hesitant, but she still tells me:
“Don’t tell anyone...”
“WHAT? ARE YOU A MAN?”
“I’m a...”
“WHAT ARE YOU?”
“Virgin.”
115Destination Poon
WHAT? I never knew any secular girls in my country that stayed virgins into their
twenties. I then decide to try harder, sticking my dick as firmly as I can, but her poon
is just completely sealed. It’s like trying to penetrate the armor of an Israeli Merkava
tank. It’s doomed to failure.
Disappointed and surprised of her tightness, I leave the water soon with an
epiphany: Some of the other girls here must be virgins too! Because they’re all
twenty to twenty-two year old right after military service, and many of them come
from religious families. So I embark on a mission to find out.
I go to one very sexy religious girl with bright blue eyes and a pair of pointed boobs
so firm she’s as fresh as a girl gets. She has a magnificent hourglass shaped body
that screams youth and fertility. She also has a pure face, the one you can instantly
tell will be the face of a great mom one day. I take the direct route with her:
“ARE YOU A VIRGIN?”
She blushes and looks at the ground. She then nods and asks me not to tell anyone.
SHE IS A VIRGIN!
I then take one of the other girls outside the dining area:
“PLEASE TELL ME YOU’RE A VIRGIN!”
She nods shyly and tells me that she has never even had a boyfriend before, asking
me not to tell anyone. For some strange reason, girls in Israel are shy to admit
they’re virgins. YOU SHOULD BE FUCKING PROUD!
I speak to a few more girls and learn that a good number of them are still virgins.
OH. MY. GOD.
116Destination Poon
This island must be the purest place in the world right now. I then become obsessed
with the idea of teaching one of them how to give a proper blowjob with one of the
huts as my classroom. I immediately exclaim with great relish:
“THIS IS NOT PANAMA! THIS IS THE VIRGIN ISLAND!”
I say it out loud in front of everyone, so the girls look confused. They don’t know
what I know. All the virgins asked me not to tell anyone, and none of them seem to
know that their friends are virgins as well. So when I said it, you should have seen
their faces blushing. Each of them thought I was talking about her.
Night comes and they all sit around a table, socializing and drinking cheap rum. I
bring a bottle of red wine. It’s the only thing I usually drink. Very soon, a surge of
playfulness and wine coursing through my veins inspires me to go and take
TightPoon to one of the empty huts. She understands my intention well, and since
she’s full of grubby sand and sweat, she wants to take a shower first.
We go to the only bathroom on the island, which is basically a rusty shower next to a
toilet in a wooden structure. We wait outside for whoever the fuck is in there to be
done. IsraeliModel then comes to take a bath, standing right behind us and looking
arrogant. I ask her if she thinks she’s better than me. She raises her eyebrow. I want
to piss her off so she’d leave. I tell her that I know her breed well. She gets defensive
and leaves.
THE SHOWER IS OURS.
When the shower becomes available, TightPoon and I slip inside before anybody
notices. We turn on the water and she offers to give me a “butterfly.” But fuck, the
water is so cold — and you know how much I hate cold — that I recoil and refuse her
offer to put my dick between her breasts. The butterfly effect doesn’t work on me.
She wants me to stay and do “naughty things,” but I want to leave. It’s too fucking
cold. She then begs me to stay, because there are other girls waiting outside and
117Destination Poon
TightPoon doesn’t want to look like a slut. I think of a good solution: I sit on the toilet,
open the door, and tell everyone TightPoon had to let me in for an “emergency” when
she was showering. The girls are so disgusted they decide to skip the shower and
leave.
After the shower, we go back to the table of rum and red wine. TightPoon is next to
me, but fuck it, her poon is too tight. I approach SexyReligiousVirgin because her
guitar shape and blue eyes mesmerize me. I manage to fish her from the rest of the
group:
“You and I, we have a good click. You’re feeling it?”
“Yes.”
“Then follow me.”
We ramble through the darkness to the shoreline, eventually climbing onto one of the
boats. It’s pitch black and there are no artificial lights on the island. I feel like
Robinson Crusoe. Ten minutes later she says:
“I’ve never met someone so intriguing as you!”
Reggie the Vagician smiles and leans in for the kiss.
SexyReligiousVirgin turns her head slightly and begins to speak:
“I can’t... I dated someone for two weeks before coming here... It feels like
cheating.”
BITCH, PLEASE.
Instead of kissing SexyReligiousVirgin, I yank her bra below her boobs and begin to
fondle them. I also put her left hand on top of my cock. Her eyes light up in
118Destination Poon
excitement. This must be the first time she has ever touched a dick. And it doesn’t
feel like cheating for her. How can kissing be cheating but touching my dick and
having her boobs eaten not? Answer: Girl logic.
She calls me the “Rais of the Island.” Rais is a wealthy Arab ruler. Besides the Arab
part, I like this nickname. But did I bang her? You’d be surprised. Because right
there, on the boat, I feel like a moral Mother Teresa. This girl is so pure and
untouched that I don’t want to despoil her future. She comes from a place where
having your hymen torn can be the difference between marriage and solitude. So I
decide to foster rather than challenge her purity. I even hug her and tell her never to
let anyone fuck her without a promise of commitment. Ah, the irony.
Reggie the Moral Puritan. Reggie the Virginizer. Reggie the Well of Worldly Wisdom.
But I am still horny, so I go back to the table and take TightPoon to one of the nearby
huts. I’m “locking” the door by tying it with a piece of straw that I yank from its roof.
But why don’t I mind defiling TightPoon if she’s a virgin too? You see, she may have
been a virgin technically, but she also carried herself with the air of a future slut
discovering the world. So with wine singing in our blood, I try to stick my Shlomo in
her tight hole again. But it just refuses to enter. It’s like her pussy is Gandalf roaring
at me that I shall not pass. But fuck it. I love blowjobs more than sex anyway, so I
ask her to go down and work some magic. She does.
AND SHE IS CLEARLY NOT EXPERIENCED.
“Is it ok this way?”
“Do I use too much teeth?”
“Please teach me! I want to be good at sucking dicks!”
“Are you enjoying it?”
119Destination Poon
“Are you looking at me when I do it?”
“I’ve never done it before, please teach me how!”
I spend the next forty minutes teaching TightPoon how to give head. It takes a while
for me to reach the climatic point, because my veins and senses are still tainted by
the magic touch of red wine. She seems to get worried:
“TAP ME WHEN IT’S COMING OUT! I DON’T WANT IT IN MY MOUTH!”
I seem to forget about it almost instantly, because a minute later I unload every piece
of pressurized jism out of my pipes right into her mouth. She chokes for a moment
and lets a little yelp when the tartness hits her taste buds, and she then turns around
in a swift, reflexive move to spit it all out on the sand of the hut. It was hilarious.
Remember the scene in the first Spiderman when Peter Parker catches Mary Jane’s
lunch tray? That’s what she looked like. Excessive splooge still dripping off her chin,
she yells in a whisper:
“WHY DIDN’T YOU SAY ANYTHING?”
I smile. She smiles back and says it wasn’t that bad and actually tastes sweet. Must
be all the fruit. I also have a disturbing epiphany at that moment: Somewhere right
now, probably in Israel, there’s man who’s going to marry TightPoon one day. He’s
going to be so exhilarated when he breaks the glass in their Jewish wedding ritual,
happy that he landed such a beautiful virgin. But he’ll never know his wife tasted my
cum in Panama many years ago.
Eventually, we both drift off into sleep. The long day, the wine, and the sexual activity
were all too much, even for me. But in the middle of the night, I am awakened by
something deeper, by the intense and urgent need for a bowel movement. FUCK. All
the wine and pineapples and coconuts and seafood must have had a party in my gut,
and the next thing you know, I STORM outside — completely naked — with my ass
cheeks squeezed. But oh... CRAP!
120Destination Poon
WHERE’S THE TOILET?
It’s pitch black, completely dark outside. Remember, this island is completely isolated
from civilization and has no electricity whatsoever. Your day is organically organized
by the circadian rhythm, and I can’t see a damn thing in this darkness. Absolutely
nothing. Where the fuck is the toilet?
When it becomes clear to me that I’m not going to make it, I take a huge dump on
the sand next to a coconut tree right outside the hut where TightPoon is still asleep. I
cover my fresh feces with sand and feel like a Labrador. The moon seems to be
smiling at me. But now, another problem arises, something I haven’t carefully
considered...
HOW DO I CLEAN MY ASS?
Do I just go in the water and wipe it with my hands? I’m not Sri Lankan. I then
remember that there’s paper in the toilet. But how do I get there? I begin to walk all
over the island — still completely naked — with my hands forward like a mummy to
absorb any impact with a coconut tree before my skull does. I must look like a
somnambulant zombie. Eventually — don’t ask me how — I manage to find the
toilet. It takes me about five minutes, and I even manage to grab some paper without
touching anything disgusting. This toilet was a mess. I then begin to wipe my ass,
but fuck, the stimulus seems to send the wrong signal to my gut.
NOT AGAIN.
I squat down mid-air and shit diarrhea for ten minutes straight. I am in both shock
and disgust of how much shit can come out of me in such a short period of time. This
must have been the coconuts, because the guys in Belize warned me that too many
of them can give you some intense diarrhea. And on this island, I was munching on
them like Kurt Cobain on cocaine.
121Destination Poon
I wipe my ass again and shove everything in the toilet. It’s one of those third world
toilets that you need to flush manually with a bucket of water, so I try to look around
for one. But it’s so completely dark that I quickly give up this idea, hoping I didn’t shit
on the floor. I make my way back to the hut. But...
TightPoon is not there. Did the sand not mask the smell of my covered dump
properly? Did she have to escape for her life? Or maybe she woke up and found an
empty bed so she figured I just fucked and left? Whatever, it’s not like I’m horny
again and should actually care.
I go back to my own hut and discover Dor sleeping with one of the only non-Israelis
on the island, a Canadian girl with blond hair and freckles. She earlier told us that
“Dicks covered with condoms are like candies with the paper still on.” We even found
out that she had a boyfriend waiting for her in Panama City. Yes, her boyfriend came
all the way from Canada for her, and here she is fucking Dor. This disgusts me, so I
later offer to give the bitch a moral lesson and tell her boyfriend. Dor is a better
person than me and prefers not to get involved.
But the truly funniest moment comes the next morning, when the sun rises above the
ocean and the day has begun. I am exhausted, because at no point during the night
did I even remotely approach anything resembling a REM cycle. We’re all leaving in
two hours. The shell soon sounds, and we all go to sit down in the dining area and
eat the island’s disgusting breakfast. One of the girls storms in with a horrified look of
terror on her face:
“OH MY GOD! DID YOU GIRLS SEE THE TOILET???? ONE OF YOU IS THE
MOST DISGUSTING GIRL IN ISRAEL!!!!!!!”
They all start fighting between themselves, blaming each other.
“OH MY GOD YOU AREEE DISGUUUUUUUUUSTING DUMBSKINNY I KNOW IT
WAS YOU!”
122Destination Poon
“DON’T BLAME ME! YOU’RE JUST TRYING TO COVER YOUR SHIT BY BLAMING
OTHER PEOPLE!”
“I REMEMBER HOW YOU COMPLAINED THAT YOUR STOMACH HURT LAST
NIGHT! GO CLEAN IT UP, I WANTED TO TAKE A SHOWER BEFORE WE LEAVE!”
“ARE YOU SERIOUS? ITS WASN’T ME!”
“DON’T LIE! YOU WERE OUT OF THE HUT LAST NIGHT!”
“I ONLY WENT TO PEE!”
I’m sorry, this is too much. Instead of shutting the fuck up, I erupt. I laugh so much
and so hard, for more than ten minutes, that my lungs begin to hurt. And as I laugh,
they all suddenly stop arguing. All eyes are fixated on my huge, impish grin. There
are only two words I manage to mumble:
“Shit happens.”
Virgin Island Status: CONQUERED.
123Destination Poon
Tengo una Pistola
Nobody can give you freedom. Nobody can give you equality or justice or anything. If
you’re a man, you take it. (Malcolm X)
Being underfed on the Virgin Island for a few days — the food there was never
enough — I was constantly conjuring up an image of myself wolfing down a whole
supper when back in Panama City. An image of fatty slabs of meat and green
steamed veggies covered in thick cream. So...
The first thing I do when I return — after the obvious shower — is hunting for food.
It’s about ten o’clock at night when I go out in search of an illuminated Coca Cola
sign, a sure signal for an open eatery in Central America. It’s dark as hell outside,
because there’s a scarcity of lampposts. And they’re all dimmed anyway. I walk for
five minutes in the darkness in search of an open eatery to fulfill my strongest
culinary desire, but then it dawns on me. There’s something I haven’t carefully
considered:
IT’S PANAMA CITY.
I can’t tell exactly why, perhaps all the hilarity in Virgin Island has loosened my grip
on reality, but it never even crossed my mind before I headed out onto the street: It’s
fucking Panama City, a city of gang violence and murder. One of the most dangerous
cities in the world. Especially at night. Especially when you’re alone. And especially,
especially when you’re out in the middle of nowhere.
Which is where I am. Because the place I’m staying at is very remote from the city
center. So after a few minutes, I stop and reflect. Do I keep looking for my fatty meat
and cream covered veggies, or do I start walking back? I look around and realize I’m
on a strip of road so dark and devoid of lights it makes me feel a part of a horror
movie. How the fuck did I get here? Like a frog slowly boiled alive by raising the
temperature in small increments, it all happened so gradually. The more I walked,
124Destination Poon
the dimmer and more secluded the place became. But it happened so slowly, over
five minutes, I didn’t really pay attention. And now here I am, in the middle of a
lifeless ghost town.
But it’s also right there, on this reflective moment, that I see them for the first time:
Two silhouettes approaching from the shadows, emerging into full bodies as they
walk into my direction in a swagger that that can only mean two things: Rappers or
thugs.
Yes, Reggie, you are fucked.
Now, to fully capture the thought behind my following response, I want to rewind time
back for a sec.
One day, when I was in the army, I went drinking with my friends to celebrate the
weekend. Soon, I got a phone call from my girlfriend. The bar was noisy, and I
couldn’t hear much, but it sounded like she was in trouble. Like, serious trouble, as if
she had left her house wearing a fur coat, and some vegan tribe came running after
her from the bushes, wielding carrots and agave plants as though they were
weapons forged in steel.
I immediately left the bar and drove to find her. Only one problem: I had way too
much alcohol in my blood. I still took the risk, because it was only fifteen minutes
away. But FUCK. Punished for risky behavior, I reached a roadblock with cops
hunting for drunk drivers. Sounds familiar to anyone out there? Anyway, I deliberately
chose to approach the cops before they could turn their attention on me and assume
the authoritative role:
“Hello sirs, any idea how I get from here to the City Hall nightclub? I’m kind of lost.”
My logic was this: If they approached me first, I would have been forced to use the
breathalyzer. But if I myself approached first and asked for a favor, they’d feel the
natural pull to help a fellow human being. I wouldn’t be just another driver to give a
125Destination Poon
ticket to, but a friendly fellow in need of help. Their reaction?
“Sure! Follow us, we’ll take you there.”
Success, bitches! I ended up following them for the next ten minutes as they took me
directly to the club entrance. The whole time, we were driving in the BUS LANE.
Express travel! The highlight was when they crossed an intersection, and I was so
clouded I continued after them even though the light had already turned red. Yes, I
drove drunk — and ran a red light — right behind a police car. They opened their
window and yelled:
“YOU JUST RAN A RED LIGHT!”
“You told me to follow you!”
They shrugged. It was hilarious! Asking the cops for a favor seemed to short circuit
our cop-civilian distance. I was now one of them. They were now helping me. I was
law-proof. But, why do I tell you all that?
Because when I see the two dodgy Panamanian thugs approaching me in the
darkness, I want to be the one to approach first so I can maybe create that same
feeling of “us” that I had created with the cops seven years ago. Maybe they won’t try
anything crazy that way.
BIG MISTAKE.
I didn’t take into consideration that criminal thugs are usually psychopaths with no
sense of guilt, remorse, or an ability to emotionally bond. Nothing like Israeli cops.
So here’s how it goes:
“Hola amigos, donde hay un restaurante aquí?”
My smattering knowledge of Spanish is enough to come up with this sentence. It
126Destination Poon
means, “Hello buddies, where can I find a restaurant around here?” They both stop
and look at me hollowly. Now that they’re both in front of me, I can see their faces for
the first time. One of them, the more dominant one, has a scar across the side of his
face, and another one on his arm. He looks like an escaped murderer from Alcatraz.
The other isn’t much different, only without a facial scar. They say they don’t know,
and I say “Gracias” and walk past them quickly.
Now where exactly am I walking to? Nowhere really. Only in the opposite direction of
where they seem to be going. It’s dark as fuck, but it seems like the most reasonable
thing to do at the moment. And it is right then when things progress from bad to
worse. Because through the corner of my eye, I see these two dodgy fellas making a
U-turn. Uh-oh.
FUCK.
THEY’RE NOW FOLLOWING ME.
I begin to analyze in my head the value of the stuff I’m carrying. There’s $500 in cash
that I have no problem losing. But there’s also my smartphone, and inside there are
all the notes and photos and ideas that I had collected over the months for this book
that you’re now reading. There’s no fucking way I’m giving this phone away. THEY
MAY TAKE MY LIFE, BUT THEY’LL NEVER TAKE MY SMARTPHONE!
They keep following me, and I have no choice but to keep on walking in the same
direction, into this dark void of this lifeless, remote neighborhood. It’s not like I’m
going to stop and fight them, because they’ll surely stab me or worse. So I just
increase my pace and walk more rapidly, the way you see in movies when girls walk
in dark alleys and fear getting raped. But these two motherfuckers are fast. They are
clearly used to running away from both Latin cops and drug lords. And probably after
fools like me.
The tipping point comes twenty seconds later, when for the first time I see a partly
illuminated zone about forty yards away from me. It’s the only source of light in the
127Destination Poon
area, like an oasis in the middle of an arid desert, so it seems safe to just stop there.
I don’t want to make a sudden movement and run, because these two fellas are just
a few steps behind me. So I just stop. As I stand firmly in place, it takes them three
seconds to appear. They plant themselves right in front of me. I take a deep breath.
For the first two seconds, ScarredThug and I just look into each other’s eyes. But he
then raises the hem of his shirt with one arm and exposes something that is tucked
between his waist and his aged jeans. Adrenaline immediately shoots across my
veins:
IT’S A FUCKING GUN.
OH MY GOD.
ScarredThug stares at me with his vacant eyes and begins to speak in a tone
implying of intent to shoot me in the skull if I don’t give him what he wants. He says
only three words:
“Tengo una pistola.”
My smattering knowledge of Spanish is again enough to tell me what this means: “I
have a gun.”
FUCK.
Imagine yourself in the middle of a Central American nowhere — in a city of crime —
and it’s so dark outside that stray dogs hide behind trash bins. You walk until two
robbers approach you, one of them with a hideously scarred face and... a fucking
pistol. What do you do? Seriously, what would you do? Any sane, normal human
being would just hand his belongings and forever have gratitude and appreciation for
life.
But I am your brother Reggie, and I have a book to write about sexual conquests and
128Destination Poon
fecal adventures. But oh fuck, I forgot they have a GUN. So what I end up doing is
what I believe to be the one, single most brilliant social ruse I’ve ever pulled off in my
entire life. It was pure Social Jew Jitsu in action. Ladies and gents, watch and learn:
Instead of embroiling myself in a contentious fight that’s very likely to end my life, I
try to capture the calm demeanor and grace under pressure that I always assume
when confronted with adversities. And right after ScarredThug says “Tengo tuna
pistola,” I look at him, trying to appear completely naive and friendly:
“Muy bueno, amigo!” (Very nice, buddy!)
They look completely mindfucked. Is this guy so stupid he can’t see we’re robbing
him? Remember, folks: Sometimes the smartest move is acting stupid. It all happens
in a split second, and it feels like walking on eggshells, trying not to step on anything
that may trigger their bad temper. I don’t give them time to respond before I continue:
“Uno momento, hermanos.” (One moment, brothers.)
Saying that, I pat them on their shoulders and begin to nimbly walk RIGHT
BETWEEN THEM, making an expression with my face that I’m going to be back in a
moment. It’s a rash, dangerous move that I may pay for with my life if I fail to pull off.
But taking risks was always instinctive for me, so I still do it. All for the existence of
this book! Aren’t I the dedicated one?
But where exactly am I walking to? Aha! This is the interesting part. Remember that
illuminated area about forty yards away from me? When I saw it for the first time, I
also saw two men there. They were quite far away from me, but now I can see them
more clearly, and they’re dressed in uniforms. Coming from the army, I know this can
only mean one thing: They must be employed to protect this place, and they must
have guns too. So right when I walk between ScarredThug and his friend, I feel
something close to elation that I let myself savor, and I yell toward the two uniformed
men in the distance:
129Destination Poon
“Amiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiigos!”
I continue my movement to their direction, all the while praying for ScarredThug not
to shoot me. As I get closer, I can see a look of suspicion and confusion on the faces
of the two guards. They’re just as bewildered as the two robbers that I had just left
behind. I now have my back to ScarredThug and his accomplice, so I allow myself to
wink repeatedly at the guards. When I’m close enough, I begin to whisper:
“Ellos tengo una pistola!”
BUT FUCK! One of the guards grips his gun and signals me to stop. Apparently, he
has misunderstood and now thinks that I am threatening him. What the fuck is it that
I have just said to him? Wasn’t it “They have a gun”? I immediately try to salvage the
situation:
“No, no, amigo! Los hombres tienen una pistola!”
I give him another few repeated winks and roll my eyes to the side so he
understands. He definitely does this time, because his attention is then shifted to the
direction of ScarredThug and his friend. His eyelids narrow down and his face
assumes a more solid expression. Ten seconds later, I can also see why he was
afraid of me. They’re guarding a bank, and here I was, approaching them from
nowhere, mumbling something about a pistol. Standing next to them now, I allow
myself to look back. Guess what? ScarredThug and his friend are both gone. Yes, I
have successfully managed — unarmed — to short circuit and defuse an armed
robbery. How awesome is that?
Reggie the Bulletproof.
One of the guards tells me to remain close to him while the other goes to get a taxi
for me. It’s comical, because he tries to get me a taxi while holding a loaded gun in
his hand. I guess Panamanians are used to that, because a taxi stops minutes later.
I sincerely thank the guards, hop inside, and let the driver drive me back to my place.
130Destination Poon
It takes about a minute. I give him a 100% tip, a whopping extra $1.
When I reach the reception area of my place, I’m halfway through processing this
stew of emotions that I have just experienced. It is a soup of surprise intermingled
with fear, anger, and the raw primal instinct for survival. And both the receptionists
sense this. One of them is an effeminate Argentinian dude and the other a sexy local
girl with purple dyed hair and the fleshy lips of a girl born for the sole purpose of
giving pleasure.
“What’s up Reggie?” she asks in slight concern.
“Two guys tried to rob me... with a gun.”
Flabbergasted, their eyes fixate on me, abandoning the mundane tasks they were
doing. It is now the Argentinian guy who speaks:
“NO WAY! WHAT DID THEY STEAL?”
I then put on my impish smile and bring out the $500 in cash and the smartphone
from my pockets:
“Nothing!”
You see, I was in Panama City for a week before I went to Virgin Island. I used to
come back every night and tell the two receptionist crazy stories from my day, so
they’re used to a little Reggie surprise. But this time, when I explain to them in detail
what exactly transpired, they are beyond shocked. Shocked that it actually happened
and that I managed to get away without a scratch. The Argentinian speaks again:
“REGGIE, HOW THE FUCK DO THESE THINGS ALWAYS HAPPEN TO YOU?”
I still haven’t found the answer to that.
131Destination Poon
The Dark Matter
The four most overrated things in life are champagne, lobster, anal sex, and picnics.
(Christopher Hitchens)
Many questions had occupied my mind before trying anal sex for the first time. How
does it really feel? What’s the big hype about it? And who the hell was the first
person to ever think about trying it? Obviously, I was excited to try it on a girl. And
that brings us right into the story.
Many years ago, I was dating this one beautiful, curvy girl I met here in Israel. She
had curly brown hair, olive skin, and the catty green eyes and thick lips of Angelina
Jolie. And she wasn’t only beauty, but brains and values too. Good family. Good
friends. Good everything really. So one day, a few months into the relationship, I
decide to take things more seriously and maturely. Translation: I want to bang her in
the ass.
At that point in time, I am such a considerate man that when I next see her, I explain
to her about my plans. Her response? A long pause, a look of discomfort, and:
“I... I’m not sure about this. I’ve heard it’s really painful.”
I follow that by googling all about anal sex for the rest of the week. My inclination to
perfectionism drives me to google all kind of terms: anal sex, butt sex, sex from
behind, you name it. Anything you can think of - I googled. And then some more. I
want to make it perfect.
When the weekend comes, I decide that I know enough and that it’s time to put my
knowledge into practice. I prepare a hot flask of tea and scuttle to my car as I clasp it
between my hands and feel its warmth leaching into the winter air. The car is soon
started and I’m on my way to her.
Fast forward half an hour.
132Destination Poon
I knock on the door. She opens. Her eyes glow and she asks me if I’m hungry. I
always am, so she ends up preparing my favorite sandwich — no, actually two of
them. It’s the same kind of sandwich my first girlfriend used to prepare to me
whenever I visited her. Laden with rich, green pieces of avocado and perfectly sliced
eggs, it also has red, fresh tomatoes and the spicy Harissa sauce that we love here
in Israel so much. It’s a concert of flavors that instantly fires up your senses.
When I finish her amazing food, my mouth is as dry as sawdust, so she also
prepares two cups of hot chocolate milk. I glug the whole thing. Still with crumbs on
my lips, I then lead AngelinaJolie into the promised land, her bedroom. It’s a lavish
room full of white modern furniture and even a touch of childhood nostalgia on her
ceiling: Stickers of mermaids and stars that glow in the dark. Israeli girls are cute,
aren’t they?
In the room, I quickly begin to rub my hand against her vagina. She soon closes her
eyes, opening her mouth as she begins to moan and move her chin up in pleasure. A
minute later she says:
“Let’s do it in the shower...”
I don’t know if I stink or if she just feels dirty and uncomfortable, but I deem her
suggestion perfect. Perfect, because as a part of my Google learning curve, I
learned that things must be well lubricated for you to easily slide in. And since I know
her shower has plenty of creams, gels, and lady lotions, I count on one of them to be
some kind of a lubricant. Makes sense, right?
WRONG.
Because in the shower, problems arise. We first undress and go in the water. She is
confused by my sudden attentiveness and the rush to wash her hair so quickly.
Remind you, she still doesn’t know of my plan. When I wash her hair, the majority of
my focus goes to locating an appropriate lubricant. There are plenty of plastic
133Destination Poon
bottles, but I find...
ABSOLUTELY NOTHING.
It’s fucking crazy. I rummage around every possible corner and every shelf around
us, and everything is just a shampoo or a conditioner. Peach conditioner. Cherry
shampoo. Lavender shampoo. Apple shampoo. Coconut shampoo. Fuck all these
fruits!
I figure there must be something oily around. So I keep rummaging: Forest-berries
conditioner. Coconut hand lotion. Pear conditioner. There’s even a red translucent
bottle of what appears to be a mixture of almond milk and the scent of sea. Why
would anybody want to smell like the sea? I always take a long shower when I get
back from the beach just to remove that thick smell of salt. And also... WHO THE
FUCK NEEDS SO MANY LOTIONS?
My girlfriends, apparently.
When I deem nothing here to be a reliable lubricant, I decide to do what I was most
blessed with: Improvise. I’ll try to get in there with no special lubricant! I now also
turn off the shower lights, because I’m afraid of the things I’m about to discover in the
rear tunnels underneath this Angelina Jolie veneer.
Thirty seconds later, I lean against AngelinaJolie and prop her against the shower
wall. She rests her palms on the cold marble, and for some reason I find myself
fixating on her azure fingernails as the steamy water runs over the suds on our
bodies. It’s somewhat mediating, and I begin to smell her neck and find a tantalizing
scent. My dick is now an inch away from her ass cheeks, and I’m ready for action. I
then send one of my hands to wander downwards and explore the area to get a clear
feeling of the geography there. Wondering whether the extreme moisture in the
shower is enough to be a lubricant, I then try to slightly stick my dick in the forbidden
hole. But it’s as tight as a drum. It’s like trying to fit The Hulk into a Spiderman suit.
AngelinaJolie begins to understand what I’m attempting to do, because she
134Destination Poon
immediately squeezes her ass cheeks in terror:
“What are you doing, baby???”
Most Israeli girls in their very early twenties aren’t used to that. Especially good girls
from good families, like AngelinaJolie. I immediately resort to sales and marketing:
“We’ll try for two minutes. If it’s too painful, I’ll stop.”
Not sure if you like the product or not? Take it home for two weeks, and if you don’t
like it, return it to us and get your money back. They never return. Trust me on this
one. And this seems to work just as well with AngelinaJolie, because she doesn’t
respond. I take it as an okay.
Remembering how futile my first attempt was, I take one of the coconut shampoos
and squeeze the whole bottle right onto my dick. I want my cock to be as lubed as
possible. I then push my Shlomo forward as rousingly as I can. As hard as I can. As
intelligently as I can. But it just refuses to go in. Being the helpful, nurturing girl that
AngelinaJolie is, she decides to help and begins to hold the base of my dick and
move it in a circular, rhythmic motion in an attempt to stimulate her hole and release
its tension. Five minutes later...
IT STILL WON’T GO IN.
I lose my patience quickly and begin to try and penetrate this tight wall of defense by
sheer force. It feels like shooting an arrow, or launching a catapult, because each
time when I try, I do it by moving my hip backwards and then striking it forward in a
swift move. This seems to work, because a minute later...
IT’S IN!
I get so excited I begin to pump like a dog, thrusting into her with enough force to
break the Chinese Wall. AngelinaJolie seems to be enjoying this too, because she
135Destination Poon
moans like a porn star under the steamy hot water:
“Regev... uuhhuhhuhu... Reeegge...”
That’s a sign of pleasure, right?
“Regev... uhuhuhuhuhuhuhuhuhuh... Reggggg... eee... vvvv... uuhhu...”
FEELING GOOD, UH?
“It uhuhuhuhuh is... uuhuuuuuuuuuuhuhhuuhu... you’re in...”
Invigorating? Intensifying? Inspiring? Infuriating? Incapacitating?
“Uhhhhh you’re not in uhuhuhuhuh... the right placeee... uhhh...”
WHAAAAAAAT?
Remember, the room is completely dark and I can’t see a damn thing. So I send one
of my hands down to explore again. To my dissapointment, I discover that my dick is
actually in her vagina. DAMN. To her dismay, I unplug and try to start all over again.
But how the fuck do I get it in?
I very soon learn that anal sex is a lot like trying to get into the Pentagon: Impossible
without authorization. And that authorization is a lubricant. I should have brought
some coconut oil. But now, we’re both dedicated to this mission. We won’t quit. If
there’s anything that describes Israelis, is that we never give up. Not without a good
fight.
AngelinaJolie keeps doing those circular rhythmic motions, and though they’re nice,
they still don’t get me inside the Pentagon. So here’s exactly what I do: I squeeze a
whole other bottle of lotion onto my dick, and I cram another into her ass. I then try to
point the tip of my cock to the exact center of her hole. My next move is striking it
136Destination Poon
directly to the central point where the weight of my dick is balanced equally. That
way, it can’t slide to the sides. I’m going to either break my dick in half or go in. And
guess what happens?
IT GOES IN! I MADE IT!
So this is how Napoleon Bonaparte have felt like when he was breaking down city
gates, conquering all those dark, humid, exotic new lands.
Reggie the Conquistador.
I begin to thrust into her. She lets out a series of strange noises, like a hyena giving
birth. She begins to grit her teeth and clench her fingers against mine. This can only
mean one thing: She’s in pain. It all takes about twenty seconds, and it is definitely
too much for her. Because her clench only gets stronger. She grabs my thigh and
lets out a thick crying whisper in the humid shower air:
“GET IT OUT, PLEASE GET IT OUT! IT’S SO PAINFUL!”
I take it out. I’m not Albanian.
Mission Status: ABORTED.
And to really immerse you in what happens next, I have to take you back all the way
to my military bootcamp, where they once taught us how to navigate mapless in the
desert night, relying solely on the sky as our guide. One of the first things I learned
was that our eyes aren’t nearly as perfect as most of us think. Turns out, when your
eyes are only partly dark-adapted and you look at an object in the dark directly, you
see absolutely nothing. But if you focus your eyes slightly on another object next to
it, then you may see the silhouette of the object you actually want to see. Try it for
yourself and see. It’s pretty cool.
So when I look down on my cock after it comes out of her ass for the first time, I can’t
137Destination Poon
really see a damn thing. It’s humid, steamy, and dark, so I do that army trick and
move my eyes slightly to the right, focusing instead on one of the shampoo bottles
near my leg. And that’s when something catches my eye, and the hair on my neck
begins to rise like a cat. Something’s wrong with my dick. There’s some... dark
matter over it.
OH GOD.
PLEASE TELL ME THIS IS NOT HAPPENING.
My heart begins to pound hard. I’m beginning to sweat from fear. Something is
wrong with my dick. But I manage to summon enough mental fortitude to come to my
senses. Remember, Reggie: To live a life of truth, you must take some risks. So I
close my eyes, clench my teeth, and send my hand down to touch this dark matter
on the top of my cock. Oh, God, please don’t let it be what I think it is. I touch it. It’s a
smeary texture, like a thin layer of Nutella. Come on Reggie, maybe it’s just the
shampoo. I then bring my hand closer to my nostrils and prepare for the worst.
Yes, Reggie, God hates you.
Because a vile stench hits my nose like a rotting corpse in the summer heat. There
are some traces of shampoo, lotion, and yes, sperm — but the rancid stench of raw
fecal material is so dominant that my stomach begins to turn over. AngelinaJolie
sees me recoiling and says:
“Ahh you’re so disgusting! Did you just smell your hand?”
Yes, a girl just shit on my dick and called me disgusting.
I take the shower head and wash my dick and hand thoroughly with a whole new
bottle of peach shampoo. There’s a strong sense of finality about it, because ever
since that evening, I’ve never dared to try anal sex again. But at least I now have an
answer to my question: Why do men love anal sex? Because we know women
138Destination Poon
fucking hate it. My final conclusion will be this:
Instead of trying to solve the mystery of Dark Matter through outer space, galaxy
clusters, and physics labs —perhaps the answer has always been right under... our
nose.
139Destination Poon
Lady Cranberry
Life is like a sewer: what you get out of it depends on what you put into it. (Tom
Lehrer)
In high school, I had the stooped look of a geek who spends most of his time
hunched over a keyboard. But when I was catapulted into the military, things started
to change. Looking back now, there was one thing I consider to be the main catalyst
for my salacious, ribald life:
Weight lifting.
Listen to me well, brothers:
If you’re looking for the most reliable way to become more confident and attract more
abundance into your life, build a solid foundation of health and strength and the rest
will follow. You see, eating well and exercising heavy strengthens your physique. And
strengthening your physique strengthens your mind. You will begin to feel more
masculine and walk with an aura of confidence and allure. You will discover the true
horsepower within you. Weightlifting will give you the highest “life return” on time
investment. Overall, your fulfillment in this world is largely based on how successfully
you manage to replicate the physical and social environment that our DNA expects,
and weightlifting is basically the modern equivalent of carrying a heavy animal
carcass back to camp. It will toughen your spirit, develop patience, fortitude, and
determination, and nourish a healthy view on life. All else being equal, a man is
always better stronger than weaker. Oh, and it will get you pussy.
In fact, it personally helped so much that I was injected with the kind of calm
confidence that can’t be easily shaken like cheap positive thinking can. And this
helped me land a gorgeous, voluptuous girlfriend from Tel Aviv. She had feminine
amber eyes and the kind of Kim Kardashian hips men find more addictive than
heroin. She also came from a great family, which is important. But wait, not
everything was all pink and roses.
140Destination Poon
I’ll have to stop here first and say that whatever flaws your girlfriend currently has,
you’re never going to look at her the same way again by the time you’re done with
this chapter. No matter how moody, manipulative, or ugly — ok, maybe not ugly —
she is, you’re going to thank God for having to deal with just that. If you’re a girl,
show this chapter to your boyfriend to make him appreciate you like never before.
This all happens one day after months of exclusivity with KimKardashian. I go to visit
her at her apartment in Tel Aviv, and the sexual tension between us is so fiery that
after I enter the place, it takes less than ten minutes for our clothes to be all over the
floor. We end up having passionate sex. Even though she’s young and
inexperienced, it’s the best kind of sex, because I have feelings and actually care
about her. But the sex is normal, nothing special. Certainly nothing to write a story
about.
As always, KimKardashian finishes very fast, her whole body trembling with sweat.
She kisses me with her luscious lips and tells me how much she loves me. At that
point in our relationship, our sexual intimacy and sense of pair-bonding were so
strong that she would always cum in less than a minute. But this time there’s another
thing in this mixture of emotions. Something, how can I say...
REPULSIVE.
Because when KimKardashian finishes, a foul reek of sulfur and ammonia begins to
emanate in the bedroom. It’s only a wisp at first, so I keep pounding her. But after
another half a minute or so, when her poon becomes more and more dilated and
wet, the smell becomes too noticeable to bear. I begin to grimace in disgust, and an
overwhelmingly vicious bite of tartness hits my nostrils like a thunderclap. Oh. My.
God.
THE WHOLE ROOM SMELLS LIKE A SEWER.
What the fuck is this? I’m not exaggerating, the whole room now smells like it’s
141Destination Poon
clouded with the vapors of a lethal poison brewed with toxic chemicals and pigs’
waste. The scent is so bad my lungs are unable to suck air without triggering my gag
reflex. Our military should find a way to bottle it and use in chemical warfare. And it’s
under the weight of this smell that I realize I must do something. I ask her:
“Is the bathroom flooded?”
KimKardashian shrugs in confusion. I pull my dick out and go to check, literally
holding the hem of my shirt against my nose. I lean closer to the sink, the toilet, the
shower and floor drains, but there’s nothing. Everything looks normal. Where the
fuck is this horrible, disgusting, offensive odor coming from? I look through her
window. We’re three floors high. Good God, jumping from here can’t possibly harm
you any more than inhaling this vicious mixture of chemicals, mildew, and sewage.
I keep looking around, still holding the hem of my shirt against my nostrils. God,
where the fuck is this drain? It must be flooding somewhere here. I am certain it’s a
flood because the scent is almost identical to the smell that comes from a
bathroom’s overflowing floor drain. But... something strange happens:
The further I walk from the bedroom, the less prominent the smell becomes. Is there
actually a floor drain in her bedroom? I can’t remember. I walk back to check, the
whole time pinching my nostrils and breathing through my mouth as the tendrils of
stench try to pull me down into unconsciousness. And just when I think things can’t
get any worse, Mother Fortuna comes in all her glory.
Where do you think that smell comes from? The dead, rotting corpse of a rat under
her bed? An overflowing floor drain indeed? No Reggie, in your dreams. Lo and
behold: Right when I get into KimKardashian’s bedroom again, she looks at me in
terror:
“BABE, YOU’VE GOTTA COME HERE!”
At first, I dismiss her request and keep looking around for that elusive drain. I want to
142Destination Poon
put an end to this agony. But she insists with urgency:
“PLEASE COME NOW!”
I approach her and immediately recognize that something is wrong. She has a look
of disgust intermingled with helplessness on her face. She covers the vagina with
her two palms. What the fuck? With the hem of my shirt still on my nose, I get even
closer. The scent is so sharp, repellent, and dominant that I begin to think of using a
gas mask, the one each of us in Israel keeps for an emergency war. Because this is
clearly an emergency. KimKardashian looks at me, beyond embarrassed:
“I... I think it comes from me...”
What? I’m confused.
“WHAT DO YOU MEAN?”
She looks down at her vagina and says:
“I think it comes from... there.“
HOLY CRAP.
First, I have doubts. There is absolutely no chance in this world that a pussy can
produce such a strong odor of acid and sewage. After all, vaginas are the perfect
organ, an embodiment of sensual pleasure and pheromonal activity, right? So I get
even closer now. I pull her fingers from her poon so that I can see what exactly is
happening. And now that her vagina is not covered, the smell gets even stronger and
richer. Still pinching my nostrils with my shirt, I take my other hand and brush three of
my fingers against her moist vagina. Preparing for the worst, I bring them closer to
my nose and take a sniff.
HOLY FUCK.
143Destination Poon
Remember how I described that smell? NOW MULTIPLY BY TEN. My fingers now
smell so bad you can bottle the scent and sell it as a stink bomb to kids. My fingers
literally smell like a sewer. No kidding — a fucking sewer — right at the tip of my
fingers. When I was a kid, my dad, who’s an electrician, once took me to fix some
electric panels in a sewer. I stayed outside and only ducked my head slightly in. And
I’ll never forgot the smell. It smelled EXACTLY the way my fingers smell right now.
What the fuck is going on inside KimKardashian’s vagina?
I can’t stand it any longer, so I dress and wait for her to take a shower while I’m on
the sofa. She must be trying to solve that mystery, because it takes her a good while
to finish. But what do I do now? Do I just leave like an uncaring asshole? Do I stay to
help out like a nice boyfriend? I am torn. Eventually, I decide to stay. She soon
emerges from the shower and comes to sit next to me. Things get a little awkward
when I move a little to the left, thinking, God, who knows what’s in there?
KimKardashian says:
“I have no idea what it was.”
Expressionless, I look at her and say:
“I think I do.”
“What?”
“Your vagina is in war with itself.”
“Did you cum?”
“Of course not.”
“We can go again if you want.”
144Destination Poon
I then change my mind and leave.
The next day, KimKardashian visits her gynecologist and calls me immediately after.
At that time, I was working for a dull company that didn’t allow phone calls during
work. But since I could never follow orders —not in school, not in the military, and
certainly not in any job — I pick up the phone anyway. I am way too curious to know
the source of that vile stench. On the phone, a concerned KimKardashian welcomes
me with her soft, hushed voice:
“Babe... I just came back from the doctor.”
I have no shortage of curiosity:
“What did he say?”
It takes her a good few seconds before she continues:
“He says... he says I have something called Candida.”
WHAT?
ISN’T THAT A FUCKING FUNGUS?
Ladies and gents, we all have our ups and downs in life. But I seem to have reached
a whole new bottom, a disgusting milestone of lowliness. I have fucked bacteria.
KimKardashian continues:
“My mom says I should drink cranberry juice. Can you buy me some?”
I’m such a nice boyfriend I buy not one, but two bottles of natural, sugar-free
cranberry juice. It doesn’t help much though, and the strong odor stays for another
month. It was an excruciating month, and I felt like Superman next to Kryptonite. And
145Destination Poon
ever since then, I can never look at vaginas the same way. No longer are they a
delicate organ of joy. No longer are they a source of nourishment. What can I say?
Even vaginas aren’t perfect.
146Destination Poon
Blood Alone Moves the Wheels of
History
Before the development of tourism, travel was conceived to be like study, and its
fruits were considered to be the adornment of the mind and the formation of the
judgment. (Paul Fussell)
My quest to locate a training camp of ancient Thai Boxing led me to a wild,
untouched region called Isaan. It’s in northeastern Thailand, and getting there took
an eight hour ride on a rusty locomotive all the way from Bangkok to a small city
called Surin. Most of the ride could be summed up as trying to learn the local dialect
through listening to local workers with fingernails the color of ash, and having a very
large Thai lesbian rendering my right shoulder numb as she was repeatedly falling
asleep on me. Ticket price? Less than $1. Yes, Thailand is awesome.
Especially Isaan. Because as I discovered, this lush jungle region is almost
completely devoid of tourists, and full of traditional villages, fresh tropical air,
vegetation everywhere, and hordes of elephants roaming around every corner. The
locals call it “the real Thailand.” And they’re always smiling. This brings up this
strange paradox: How is it that it’s often Western people from the most crowded of
cities that end up the most lonely and depressed? I suppose it’s the depth of
relationships, not the quantity, that matters most.
I decide to spend my first night in Surin, where there are no other foreigners
anywhere to be seen. The locals are all as thin as toothpicks and with eyes as
narrow as rice. But lo and behold: randomly, I find a massive, luxurious hotel to stay
in. It’s very odd, spotting such a modern hotel in such a remote area. I think it caters
mostly to rich Thai businesspeople coming to invest in Isaan. So why am I staying
there?
PREMIUM POON.
147Destination Poon
When I enter this hotel for the first time, I discover a trio of three extremely cute,
young Thai receptionists. They all have that kind of innocence only a girl from the
Third World can have. One of them also has a rare pair of big, ripe boobs. Rare,
because big boobs in Asia are extremely scarce.
I begin to speak with them but they just giggle — unable to speak English beyond a
few words — so I persist and communicate through body language. Soon, they
become so enthusiastic that ThaiBoobs offers me a 50% discount just so I stay
there. That’s my signal. I’m in.
You see, modern Thai sluts from Bangkok are easy to bang. But Thai chicks from the
distant countryside? It’s a whole other game we’re talking about. Those good
Buddhist village girls opt for marriage right from an early age, and the language
barrier is a real challenge. A challenge that throws me into a serious ecstasy of
conquest. I choose to stay in Surin for a couple of days. Thai Boxing can wait.
Fast forward three hours.
ThaiBoobs takes me out on her scooter to eat some street food. It’s the monsoon
season, and a sudden downpour catches us by surprise, so we sit under a big
umbrella. She orders for both of us, and I am soon presented with an orange plastic
plate full of egg noodles, quail eggs the size of big peas, and steamed vegetables
with delicious gravy on top. And although it costs just a little more than a dollar, it’s
beyond delicious.
From there, we continue to somebody’s yard. It functions as a local bar, and there
are plenty of red plastic chairs, cheap beer, and Thai people everywhere. Great
atmosphere. Some hot friends of ThaiBoobs join us, and I quickly become the center
of attention because of my foreign looks. All eyes wander to the direction of Reggie
the Stranger. Even the eyes of a local gang of bikers in leather jackets and hardened
faces. I feel like a Hollywood celebrity.
We then drive back to the hotel. I gesture to ThaiBoobs to come up with me to my
148Destination Poon
room, but she looks hesitant. She tries to tell me something I don’t understand. What
is it? I can’t grasp a word of her broken English accent. She then begins to do
strange gestures with her hands, like she’s signaling a driver on the road to turn on
his front lights. What is she trying to say? Eventually, she musters enough mental
clarity to come up with one word she thinks I may understand:
“Camora!”
I look at her, unsure.
“Caaaahmooora!”
Chimaera? Does she mean I look like a fire-breathing monster?
“Commeraaah! Commeraaah!”
I don’t get it, sunshine.
“It is camerraaaaah heer!”
Oh... CAMERA.
I immediately connect the dots. It’s obvious now. It’s the hotel cameras she’s worried
about! Apparently, the hotel has cameras installed and ThaiBoobs is afraid of being
recorded, getting fired, and having the reputation of a slut among her colleagues. So
I do the first thing that comes to mind. I hop back on her scooter, hold her waist, and
tell her to drive. She is confused for a moment but one deep gaze into my eyes tells
her everything she needs to know. The language of sex is universal. We’re going to
fuck wherever she lives.
Fifteen minutes later, I find myself in a tiny room with a small bed, a wooden table,
and an old, bulky laptop with no internet. There’s also a hole in the floor that
functions as a squat toilet, and a bucket nearby to take showers or to manually flush
149Destination Poon
the toilet with. Yes, I gave up my expensive hotel room for a shithole. As always, the
vagina is stronger than comfort. And never forget: A five star vagina is always better
than a five star hotel. I then lay ThaiBoobs on her bed and begin to touch her. But
something very peculiar happens:
SHE DOESN’T MOVE.
The cessation of her rhythmic breathing suggests she’s dead, but I suspect she’s
just in some passive emotional turmoil. From an evolutionary standpoint, women
take a much larger risk when they have sex with a new person, so I suppose her
muscles are just rigid with tension and anxiety. I take a glance at her face to gauge
her feelings...
WHAAAAAAAAAT THE...?
Here’s is the best way I can describe it: How would your face look like if you just saw
a clown running after a little girl with a chainsaw? That’s how fearful and shocked
she looks. Figuring this must be her first time with a foreigner, I lean in to kiss and
relieve her off her tension. But another problem arises:
HER MOUTH IS LOCKED.
It’s crazy. Her black, unblinking eyes are focused completely on the ceiling. Stiff,
unmoving, non-responsive, as if she’s completely frozen in the fabric of time. Her
joints immovable, her muscles like concrete, I begin to wonder if she has just seen a
ghost. What is happening? Why is she lying here like a dying frog? I then spend a
good twenty minutes caressing her concrete body, trying to relax her. Not because
I’m a good person, but because I want to have sex with an actual human being. And
it works! It works so well that she begins to...
SNIFF MY FACE.
Just like a fucking dog. I’m not kidding. It’s one of the strangest things I’ve ever seen.
150Destination Poon
She literally sniffs me like she’s trying to spot illegal drugs under my skin. What the
fuck? Why is she smelling me so enthusiastically? Bewildered and perplexed, I let
her do that for a good while, because that’s still better than lying on her back,
expressionless. I soon try to kiss her again, but... her mouth just won’t open. Locked.
Sealed. Like a safe in the bank. I decide to go the verbal way:
“OPEN MOUTH!”
I also make a gesture with my mouth so that she understands. And guess how she
responds? She sniffs me again, pauses for three seconds, and tells me:
“Isaan kiss.”
What the? I can’t figure out what is happening. Why am I being sniffed repeatedly by
a girl I barely know? Why am I not in the lavish hotel room that I had booked earlier?
Answer: I am horny. So enough with these games. I then grab one of her generous
boobs and send my hand down to her tight panties. They’re green, so they infuse me
with feelings of harmony, growth, and restoration. Yeah, right. ThaiBoobs is still stiff
and shocked, so I lean in for another kissing attempt. Again, I meet a barricade and
get sniffed in return. A pattern emerges: Get close to her face and you get sniffed. It’s
like she’s a programmed Pavlovian dog. But I don’t intend to quit. I lean in again:
SNIIIIIIIIIIFFFFFFFFFFFFFF!
I pull back, and immediately lean in again.
SNIFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFF!
I pull back again and stare at her, trying to figure out this whole situation. Bewildered
by my inept attempts of kissing, I ask:
“WHY DON’T YOU OPEN YOUR MOUTH?”
151Destination Poon
I again make a gesture with my mouth so that she understands. ThaiBoobs
mumbles:
“THIS IS KISS ISAAN! MOUTH NO HYGIUN!”
That’s when it hits me. Holy shitballs! Apparently, traditional girls in Isaan don’t kiss
the same way their sistren from Bangkok do. Not the way we’re all used to. They
don’t find French kissing hygienic enough, so they sniff each other’s faces instead.
It’s the same when they kiss their kids. If you ever go to Thailand, this alone is worth
the trip to Isaan. It’s funny as fuck.
Playfulness takes over my mind so I sweep away her green panties and the rest of
her clothes. She is now bare naked. It almost brings tears of joy to my eyes, because
her body is magnificent. Is that her Asian DNA? Is that her traditional diet of fresh,
natural foods? Everything about her speaks of vibrance. Her skin is so smooth that
her average Western counterpart would pay thousands of dollars for it. Her overall
frame is very fragile and feminine. Sexy fingers. Healthy nails. A rounded, firm ass.
Perfect curves. Perfect ratios. How can a girl so tiny pack such a big pair of boobs? I
send one of my hands to verify that they’re indeed authentic. They are. 100%
natural.
Shlomo Status: FULLY ERECT.
Nature demands that I do what I must, so I get on top of her and prepare to insert my
little Reggie inside. But she instantly becomes noticeably uncomfortable. Not in the
frozen dead frog way, but in a more actively panicked state. She starts to speak fast
but I can’t understand a word. What are you trying to say? She keeps on speaking,
but the only word I can fully grasp is “red.” As I’m on top of her, she swirls like a
snake and keeps saying these strange words in her local dialect, with the occasional
“red.” RED WHAT? I stare deeply in her eyes and say:
“Don’t worry. Everything is OK.”
152Destination Poon
This seems to do the job, and I am soon inside of her. She again becomes shocked,
but as I pick up the speed and rate of pumps per minute, ThaiBoobs begins to moan
softly and move in a rhythmical fashion. She’s no doubt enjoying it. The sex is great
for me too, because I cum. And though it’s a little too quickly, she doesn’t seem to
mind. She must be thinking it’s her great body, and not the kilo of cum inside my
balls. But anyway, when I pull out, something very unexpected happens.
F-U-C-K.
There’s a thick scent of something familiar curling up into my nose. I look down at my
cock and see a profuse clump of blood on my condom. SO THAT’S WHAT “RED”
MEANT! She’s on her fucking period. Disgusted, I go to her bathroom and use a
plastic ladle to clean myself with water from the bucket. The blood is mostly on the
condom, but my dick still looks like a butcher’s hands.
Reggie the Butcher of Love. Reggie the Defiler of Villagers. Reggie the Bloody
Motherfucker.
The next day, I book a room in another place so that ThaiBoobs can come over. And
for the rest of the week, she visits every single morning and every single evening,
each time presenting her healthy maternal tendencies by bringing a bag of
watermelon, pineapple, and papaya from the local market. She literally comes every
day with a bag of fruit. How nice is that? Western sluts come to greet you with
cocaine and a pack of condoms, Thai village girls come to greet you with local fruit.
There is still hope to humanity.
The highlight of this fructose week happens one day when ThaiBoobs knocks on my
door. She arrives with another bag of fruit when I’m having a transatlantic Skype
session with my good friend Natty who’s in Peru. Natty is a sucker for big tits so I
decide to reward him with live porn. So before ThaiBoobs gets naked and ready to
sniff me in bed, I mute the laptop and dim its monitor so that she doesn’t notice.
But...
153Destination Poon
A few minutes into it, I feel something I’d never feel for a slut. I feel a sense of ethics,
of a moral obligation to ThaiBoobs. I have no desire to hurt such an innocent girl
whose only sin is to have oxytocin flooding her brain into falling in love with me.
Some girls are filthy whores, yes, but some — like ThaiBoobs — are just good souls.
So I excuse myself and close the laptop. She doesn’t question a thing.
When I’m back in bed, we begin to make out — I mean, smell each other — again.
ThaiBoobs has already become increasingly comfortable with me so she now seems
relaxed. The emotional bond grows the more time I spend with her, and we
somehow understand each other through body language and the flow of the
moment. But I am not in Asia for love. One day, I will have an Israeli wife. Right now?
I just want to have fun. So I decide to give ThaiBoobs a lovely souvenir. I tap twice
on my lips and point my index finger to my crotch. She looks in terror:
“NO, NO NEVER I DO THIS MY LIFE PLEASE NO!”
I relax her and say that everything’s okay. She stops for a moment and seems to
think about it. But remember: It’s never the customer’s responsibility to buy, and
always your responsibility to sell. Always push for the sale. Always be closing. So I
grab ThaiBoob’s head and push it down to my lucky zone. She complies, looks up at
me for validation, and then wraps her fleshy lips around my cock. Flying to Asia was
no doubt a fantastic decision.
Or maybe not. Because... it’s PAINFUL.
Right after ThaiBoobs tucks her hair behind her ears and begins to suck my dick, I
can feel her teeth so rigidly it’s like she’s trying to sculpture my dick into a Buddhist
monument. I decide to teach her the fine Art of the Blow:
“NO TEETH!”
I expose my teeth so that she understands. She’s a quick learner:
154Destination Poon
“SORRY, SORRY! OK.”
She continues and gives me the most innocent blowjob I’ve ever received. It takes
almost an hour for me to cum. And though it’s nothing like a blowjob from a veteran
slut, it’s still awesome in a novel, virginal way. When I feel the rush of jism squirting
out of my balls, I let it all spray inside her mouth without a warning. Her reaction?
She gives a slurping sound, instinctively yanking herself back and running to the
bathroom. And I am left there in bed, hearing disturbing sounds of coughing, the
sounds a throat lets out before vomiting. And oh God. Right there on the bed, I erupt
in a gale of hysterical Reggie laughter to the symphony of gagging sounds coming
from the bathroom. She comes back after a few minutes. And though I expect her to
be furious, she just begins to LAUGH hysterically herself. She comes to sniff me
again and exclaims:
“THIS FUNNY!”
Oh. My. God. I LOVE THAI WOMEN.
I soon leave and ThaiBoobs spends the entire next YEAR sending me “I LOVE
YOU!” and “I MISS YOU!” messages. It’s been many years since this all happened,
and chances are ThaiBoobs has a boyfriend or a husband right now enjoying the
fruits (heh) of my labor. Anytime, bud, you’re welcome.
This story gets a very interesting twist four years later, when my good friend Muli
finally marries my beautiful cousin Karin. In Israeli weddings, the couple usually
chooses their best friend to drive them in a lavish rental car to the ceremony. Muli
chose me, and since Karin was a virgin before they met, we inevitably found
ourselves talking about virgins. Muli tells me:
“I’m disappointed with you, you fucked so many girls but not even one of them was a
virgin.”
155Destination Poon
Fucker. He’s got a good point. Virgins are the Holy Grail of sexual achievements.
They are to a womanizer what exotic lands were to Napoleon Bonaparte. Muli then
starts to explain to me how exactly it feels to “unlock” a woman for her first time. And
that’s when it hits me hard, like a sack of bricks. Seriously, it was one of those
“AHA!”moments where you know your life is never going to be the same.
“WAIT A SEC! IT SOUNDS EXACTLY LIKE THAT THAI GIRL I TOLD YOU ABOUT
FOUR YEARS AGO!”
I spend the whole wedding thinking about the possibility of already having a virgin on
my sexual bucket list. Ah, all those years without knowing, How cruel! The very next
day, I send a message to ThaiBoobs, who now has Facebook. I try to simplify my
English so she understands:
“I AM YOUR FIRST SEX?”
It’s been years since I last talked to her, so it must be an odd message. She replies
with three words:
“Why you ask? :)”
I don’t have time for explanations. I repeat the question:
“I AM YOUR FIRST SEX?”
Lo and behold, she sends a blushed smiley with one word only:
“Yes.”
OH MY GOD.
It makes perfect sense. The extreme shock. The stiff body. The discomfort. The
obsessive emotional attachment. The BLOOD. Apparently, I was so virginal about
156Destination Poon
virgins I had no idea I had fucked one.
157Destination Poon
The Bourekas Antidote
Most people are other people. Their thoughts are someone else’s opinions, their
lives a mimicry, their passions a quotation. (Oscar Wilde)
Before I first began to travel, right after my military service, I used to promote
nightclubs in Israel for a living. It was a very transformative period, because it was
there where I first got to experience the gigantic effect of social status in action.
Being one of the crew at those prime flesh markets, I was the one to be approached
for favors, so my status was higher than those who paid. As a result, I got to build my
first stable of groupies, my local harem.
But I always disliked the clubbing environment. There are some genuinely good
people there, yes, but clubbing seems to attract a large number of empty, vapid
people who come to fill a void in their souls with their weekend dose of Vodka Red
Bull. The kind of people with an IQ so low they’re a gene or two away from crossing
the species barrier to a donkey. The kind who invest more time buying clothes than
trying to develop something of worth and cultivate their inward wasteland. Like a
herd of sheep dressed in Ralph Lauren. But it was also the best place for a knight of
poon to observe humanzees in their natural habitat. I felt like an animal behavioralist.
Reggie the Ethologist. Reggie the Arrogant Son of a Bitch.
One day during one of these nights, I found the party too boring. And because it was
really close to the sea, the Mediterranean breeze and my starvation for
entertainment inspired me to take a girl to have sex on the beach instead. It was a
girl I was seeing, and she was also in the club. She was nineteen years old, an
extremely sexy Jewish-Persian girl. With an alluring guitar shape, catty eyes, and a
compliant mood, she was my perfect accomplice. We were like the Israeli Bonnie
and Clyde.
Though I had sex on a beach a couple of times later on my travels, this was actually
going to be the first time I had ever done it. And naturally, leaving the pale emotional
158Destination Poon
void of the club for hot sex by the salty waves was an exciting thought for me.
We reach my car and I begin to drive on a rocky, sandy terrain that leads to a
remote, forsaken place on the beach. Remember UkrainianModel? It’s the same
place I took her before I wrapped that dirty flannel cloth over her eyes. There are a
lot of annoying, bulky stones protruding out of the ground, so I feel like an off-road
racer the whole way, trying to steer the car away from potential damage. We reach
the spot and it’s so dark it’s almost ghostly. No lampposts whatsoever. The perfect
spot for Bonnie and Clyde to engage in acts of salaciousness. But SexyIsraeli
becomes worried when she sees an old car about twenty yards away from us:
“Honey... there’s someone’s here...”
I glance over and see an old, dark green Subaru parked by a large rock within
walking distance of the water. It must belong to some Arab guy, because only Arabs
in my city drive dark green cars. And because Arab women don’t have sex until
marriage, this spot usually attracts Arab men and Ukrainian prostitutes.
I tell SexyIsraeli not to worry. Let the Arab dude have some fun! I then lead her by
the hand to the sandy beach. It’s hard to see anything, because the place is
incredibly dark. Navigating by the moonlight, I find a good spot for us where the
waves hit the sand, a few steps away from where they stop. Soon, our clothes are off
and SexyIsraeli impales herself on my cock. She’s so wet I slip inside smoothly. She
was expecting this just as much as I was.
SexyIsraeli then begins to ride me like a cowgirl, alternating between very slow and
very fast movements. And I’m just lying there on the sand, looking above at the
shape of the moon and the flickering stars. Oh, Israel, I love you more than you can
imagine. I also wonder if thousands of years ago, Moses or Jesus ever scored pussy
on the same spot. I doubt it. Clearly I am better than them.
Reggie the Corruptor of Holy Lands.
159Destination Poon
With SexyIsraeli still attached to my dick, I yank my body forward and change to the
missionary position. If we’re having sex in the Holy Land, might as well do it in a
missionary way. The magic of novelty wears off, so I go ballistic, jackhammering her
as hard as I can. The sound of moans mixes well with the sound of the salty waves
and breeze. She pulls my hair with passion. This is truly the Holy Land. I feel like
Samson.
The highlight of this night comes fifteen minutes later, when I look back and see a
shadow rising behind me a few yards away. Because I used to run this beach every
week, I intuitively know what it is. Although there’s a slight ominous slant to it, it must
be one of the signposts that are put there to help runners gauge how far they’ve run.
Immediately, a stroke of Reggie spirit hits and inspires me to prank SexyIsraeli:
“Look, there’s someone behind us!”
I say that and look back at SexyIsraeli. I knew that the tantalizing possibility of us
having sex — stalked by someone a few yards away in this middle of nowhere —
would induce anxiety in her. But I could never predict her next response. Seriously, I
wish you could have seen her face. Because a few seconds after I say that,
SexyIsraeli becomes transfixed with horror and shock. She then yanks herself back
up on two feet, covering her boobs and vagina with her palms. She goes into full
drama-mode:
“OH MY GOD, REGEV!”
It all happens so quickly, and she looks horrified. I figure I may have gone too far this
time:
“Hahahaha relax, I was pranking you. It’s just the runners’ signpost!”
But it doesn’t help. She literally begins to wince in place, and becomes so nervous I
swear I can hear her heartbeat. She then lets out a scream, pointing her finger to the
shadow that is just a few steps away behind me, and yells:
160Destination Poon
“NO NO! THERE’S SOMEONE HERE! AHHHHHHHH!!”
What the fuck? I turn my head back and crane my face forward, narrowing my eyes
as I try to make this all a little more visible. And it then hits me like a brick on the
face. Speechless, I can’t believe what my own eyes are witnessing:
Now that we’re both staring at the blackness of the shadow, it begins to move and
erect into a silhouette that now resembles the height and form of a man.
FUCK!
I literally stand there — motionless and unblinking — with my eyes glued on this
human silhouette. It all happens so quickly. But remember Lao Tzu, Reggie. He said
that being fearless doesn’t mean your knees aren’t shaking. He also said that
mastering others is strength, and that mastering yourself is true power. Well, my
knees are shaking, so I decide to master both myself and whoever that silhouette is.
Knowing the proclivity for extreme violence of Arabs in my city, a primal instinct for
survival shoots through me and I grab a rock to protect SexyIsraeli and myself. The
best way to predict the future is to invent it, and I am about to invent a future where
both SexyIsraeli and myself are alive. But she again begins to scream.
“AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!”
Her breathing gets noticeably heavier and louder. There’s no need to worry, sweetie.
Reggie’s got a rock! Completely naked, I fixate on the silhouette and begin to
approach him slowly in a menacing way. But SexyIsraeli grabs my arm so firmly I
can’t wrest it out of her grip. She tries to pull me, but I stand rooted in place.
Smashing the guy’s skull seems like a better idea. When I was a kid, my grandpa
Faraj always told me never to show fear to a threatening dog. Human creeps must
be the same. Wanna guess what happens next?
161Destination Poon
The silhouette begins to move! Away from us. He makes a beeline to the water and
flits away in rapid steps. I can now finally see his full human form emerging from the
shadows, because he’s illuminated by the reflection of the moon on the water. Who
the fuck was that guy? Must have been some pervert psycho masturbating to the
voyeuristic thrill of watching other people having sex.
That was truly shocking. If you’re a girl, really stop for a second and try to imagine
how you’d react if you were SexyIsraeli. You’re in an abandoned, dark beach having
sex with someone you’ve been dating for a while, and fifteen minutes later, you
discover there’s been someone watching you all this time, a few steps away. Who
knows? Maybe he even plans to murder your boyfriend and rape you. There had
been plenty of incidents of Arabs assaulting Jews in this area. How would you react?
I can only tell you how SexyIsraeli did:
After shuddering in fear, she pulls me back to the car at a run. I try to calm her down
because the pervert is far away from us now, but she’s in complete panic. We run
back, but SexyIsraeli is literally and rightfully in fear for her life. She looks like she
had just seen Freddie Krueger in a dark alley. Once in the car, she goes ballistic:
“DRIVE!!! PLEASE DRIVE!!! GET US OUT OF HERE!!!”
I start the engine and push the gas pedal to the floor. The car thuds all over the rocks
I had tried to avoid earlier, but we don’t give a shit about the car now. SexyIsraeli
continues to scream:
“AHHHHHHHHHHHH OH MY GOD WHO WAS THAT CREEP??”
I try to calm her down, but Israeli girls are tough nuts to crack. She keeps screaming
the whole way, completely shocked and terrified of what we both had just witnessed.
She’s like a tornado of emotions, spewing fear and confusion to all directions.
SexyIsraeli may have been to the army, but she surely isn’t used to pervert creeps
sneaking up on her. No matter what I say to her, no matter how much I try to calm
her down, her inner state of mind is too stirred up. And although she isn’t angry at
162Destination Poon
me or anything like that, she does lose her fucking mind:
“AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH THAT WAS CRAZY!”
“PLEASE DRIVE FASTER!! I WANNA GET HOME!!”
“AHHHHHHHHHHHH WE COULD GET OURSELVES KILLED!!”
“OH MY GOD, I’M NEVER GOING TO FORGET THIS!”
“I NEVER WANNA TALK ABOUT WHAT JUST HAPPENED!”
So... what do I do?
I drive toward my place and stop by a local bourekas eatery to calm her down. It’s
one of her favorite delicacies, a spinach bourekas with eggs and pickles on the side.
You owe it to yourself to try it at least once if you ever visit Israel. Now, the moment
the bourekas is served to the table, something amazing happens:
SexyIsraeli begins to munch on the cheap food, and there seems to be an unspoken
agreement between us to remain silent. I then become completely shocked, puzzled,
and amazed: She looks as if NOTHING had happened just fifteen minutes ago.
Seriously, she becomes as laid back and tranquil as if she had just smoked a joint
while taking a shit. How is that possible? How can girl so panicked transform into
such a peaceful, Zen monk so rapidly?
I do not know the answer. But I do know that the Holy Land isn’t always milk and
honey. It can be masturbating Muslims too.
163Destination Poon
2 Girls, 1 Cock: Experiments in
Testosterone
I love fools’ experiments. I am always making them. (Charles Darwin)
There’s an insightful, transformative learning curve to travel. You build new habits.
You face your fears. You cultivate a fascination for the world. And if you do it without
luggage, as I recommend, there’s also a positive side effect: Poon flies into your
orbit. Because now you’re different. And girls fancy men who stand out.
The best example for that would be the Belgian backpacker I picked up at the airport
when I first flew to the Philippines. She had bronze eyes, brown hair, large melon
boobs, and a massive backpack. Like a sexy NASA astronaut with a rocket on her
back. She told me she had been traveling the world for four years on her own.
Translation: She’s a slut. She was also envious of my minimalist style of travel.
Translation #2: We’re going to fuck. Only one problem:
THERE’S A MASSIVE TYPHOON.
After we take a taxi to the city, we discover a scene that looks straight out of an
apocalypse movie. There’s a completely dark, city-wide blackout. The streets are all
flooded to knee level. Coconut trees sway in the stormy wind, almost wrested out of
the earth. We navigate the streets with the aid of my flashlight, dragging ourselves
against the powerful storm as we protect our faces against flying signposts and
debris. I feel like a Nepalese yak in the Himalayas.
We eventually find an old building with a “Guesthouse” sign hanging loose on top of
it. We go in. The receptionists seem very busy tending to people worried about the
typhoon, so we just go to one of the open dorms. One minute later, our intensified
hormones inspire us to fly into each other like magnets. We begin to make out on
one of the beds. She tastes of humidity, debris, and promiscuity. It’s a queer flavor. I
send one of my hands down and discover a vagina so wet I begin to wonder if she
164Destination Poon
actually is the source of this typhoon. But I am stopped when someone taps on my
shoulder. Who the fuck is this? I look back and discover the French owner. He offers
me a small key:
“You guys may wanna have some privacy!”
I take the key. It leads to a private room with a dozen candles. Remember, there’s no
electricity. We instantly resume our sweaty foreplay, and eventually have sex.
Another issue quickly arises:
SHE OUTPERFORMS ME.
Remember when I said she’s a slut? I was wrong. She isn’t a slut. She’s a voracious,
nymphomaniac demon with a sexual appetite so great she’d be the matriarch of all
mankind in a world without condoms and pills. I fuck her as much as I can, but she
keeps asking for more. It’s unbelievable. Unimpressed by my sexual performance,
BelgianNympho exclaims:
“I’ve never met someone so young with such a low sex drive. You’re like a sixty-year
old!”
Fuck you, BelgianNympho. But fuck me too. She’s got a point here. I begin to
analyze my life to get a clearer perspective. What decisions have I made in the past?
When did things start to slide? Unlike most times, I think I know the answers this
time. It’s one of those “AHA!” moments.
You see, two years earlier, I had started to follow a strict vegan diet. I was a naive,
stupid, young man, and I began to gradually watch my vitality, confidence, and
muscles melt away to oblivion. Every part of my life was negatively affected by the
vegan diet. Half a year into it, I even called my vegan friend Ore after having sex,
because although I finished, my condom had only a droplet or two of jism. I was
worried. Ore told me I must be doing this veganism thing wrong, but I was actually
following it religiously. My diet consisted of only veggies, fruits, nuts, legumes, and
165Destination Poon
whole grains. Clearly something was wrong.
Vegan Diet: Destroyer of Love.
As I’m having sex with BelgianNympho, I begin to connect the dots. Have the vegan
gurus led me astray? The next day, we part ways, and I take a week to fish for
knowledge. Why is my sexual drive so low? Why am I like a sixty-year old? I read
voraciously and discover that the cause may be low testosterone. You see, sex
hormones are literally made out of cholesterol. And guess what seems to be a
superstar combo for testosterone production? Cholesterol, saturated fats, retinol
(vitamin A from animal sources), vitamin D, and vitamin K2 (my favorite sources:
grass-fed butter and egg yolks). I decide to run a little experiment:
I go rent an apartment in a random fishing village called Anilao. I stay there for a
month, spending my time going from one extreme side of the spectrum to the
opposite. From zero animals, I begin to consume a whole chicken, a whole kilogram
of yellowtail tuna, a pile of eggs, and a bunch of spiced barbecued pork sticks.
EVERY SINGLE DAY. Seriously, I devour so much dead flesh I feel like I’m mutating
into a Mongol wolf.
Also, I avoid sugars, processed junk, and even legumes and grains. Many of these
are toxic or estrogenic, diminishing your testosterone levels. To avoid another
potential group of estrogenic agents that can disrupt my hormonal balance, I avoid
most commercial grooming products too — except for the Tom’s of Maine organic
toothpaste and Dr. Bronner soap that I had brought with me.
Weight lifting also boosts testosterone, so I visit a local gym twice a week,
performing a ten-minute high intensity workout (HIT) that lasts about ten minutes and
consists of two big exercises, like squats and bench press. Vitamin D is very
important for testosterone production, so I walk shirtless in the village every day —
without sunscreen, it blocks all these good rays — aiming to get a good tan without
getting burned.
166Destination Poon
Oh, and did you know that testosterone is produced when you’re asleep? That’s why
in Anilao, I aim to live by the circadian rhythm. It’s quite easy, because there are no
lights at night except for the stars and the moon. To avoid melatonin production at
night (which tricks your brain to think it’s daylight), I remove all ambient lights.
By the end of the month, I have very conclusive results. No, the cholesterol didn’t
give me a heart attack. No, the saturated fats didn’t give me atherosclerosis. Instead,
there’s a wonderful feeling:
I FEEL LIKE WOLVERINE.
No joke. I actually feel like I’ve transmuted into a wild beast. It’s INSANE. I arrived to
the Philippines with many infections from Burma, and all were healed within three
days. My low libido? No trace of it. For the whole month, I walked around the village
with such a strong aura it seemed like I was intoxicating every local chick by the
mere scent of my pheromones. Now, after thirty days, I am officially regenerated.
And no, changing the diet didn’t have any negative effects. No sickness, diarrhea, or
anything like it — even though I’ve been a pussy, I mean a vegan, for about two
years. I choose to completely abandon the old diet, call this experiment a success,
and leave the village.
But to give you the full effects of this experiment, I’ll have to fast-forward two days
after leaving Anilao.
I meet up with my good buddy Dominik, a Dutch traveler who’s one of the funniest
people I’ve ever met. We decide to travel together to Puerto Galera, not too far away
from Anilao, and we soon hop on a colorful boat going that direction. On the boat,
two blond girls approach us out of nowhere. One of them, DutchSurfer, has big,
bright blue eyes, a massive pair of tits, and a massive surfboard too. The other,
SexyDutch, is a thin, sexy girl with green eyes. She radiates good heartedness. The
good part: Dominik and the girls seem to know each other. Jackpot!
I remain silent for the whole boat ride and let Dominik speak to them in Dutch. My
167Destination Poon
plan is to do the mature thing: Win SexyDutch by ignoring her until she seeks my
validation later on the island. And she does. We end up sharing a local pizza in the
evening, and she asks me all kinds of questions about the Israeli army. Sex is near.
Whenever a girl asks me about the army, I know the notch is close.
In short: Yes, we fucked.
But only a few days later, in a whole different island. It was Boracay, the most
beautiful tropical paradise I’ve ever witnessed, where we spend a little less than two
weeks:
No longer trusting the vegan lifestyle, I munch on so many greasy chickens with my
bare hands that SexyDutch gives me the nickname “Barbarian.” I call her “Dutchess,”
because she’s my beloved Dutch duchess.
Every day, we go to the same buffet, where food steals the show: Vegetables,
168Destination Poon
coconut sweets, delicacies of every color and texture, streams of delicious red wine
that must be imported from somewhere, Pacific Ocean creatures drizzled in spicy
sauces, and the star of the menu — savory, blazingly-red barbecued pork ribs with
gravy on top. Oh my God. This restaurant alone was worth coming to the Philippines.
SexyDutch and I share a private room of our own in Boracay. Dominik shares one
with her hot friend, DutchSurfer. This arrangement is interesting, because both
Dominik and DutchSurfer are in committed relationships back home. There is an
obvious unspoken issue here. On our second morning in Boracay, Dominik silently
slips into my room when SexyDutch isn’t around. His steps are as light as moth
wings, and as peculiar as a dancing monkey. He looks at me with a red face and
exclaims:
“OH MAAAAAAN! I CAN’T TAKE A SHIT WHEN SHE’S IN THE ROOM!”
I begin to laugh, but I also share some wisdom:
“Just let the water run and pretend like you’re showering.”
“OH MAAAAAAN! I TRIED, BUT THE SMELL IS STILL THERE!”
He ends up taking a deuce in our toilet. And for the rest of the week, every time
DutchSurfer is in her room with SexyDutch, Dominik slips inside my room like a sly
fox. We still wonder what the girls did whenever they themselves had to take a
dump, because we never saw or smelled anything. I guess we’ll never know.
SexyDutch and I end up having copious amounts of daily sex in Boracay. My
testosterone experiment was truly a magnificent success, because I can pound her
for two hours at a time. When we first fuck, she is astonished by the amounts of
sperm that I ejaculate. SexyDutch, if you ever read this, remember how excited I was
when you told me that you’ve never seen a man with so much sperm? Now you
know why.
169Destination Poon
And what about Dominik and DutchSurfer? After a few days, me and Dominik both
wake up early, so we go for breakfast together at some Mongolian buffet. Dominik
begins to pour his heart out to me:
“OH MAAAAAN! YOU AND YOUR DUTCHESS MAKE ME HORNY!”
I tell him that I bet they’re going to have sex eventually, because nature is always
stronger. He says:
“OH MAAAAAN! IT’S REALLY HARD! SHE SMELLS SO GOOD AFTER
SHOWERS!”
It’s this problem Dominik faces every night when he goes to sleep: DutchSurfer
returns to bed from the shower and goes to sleep next to him, smelling of soap and a
sexy feminine scent. He gets horny and can’t fall asleep.
Let me save you the thrill: THEY NEVER FUCKED.
One night, we all visit a local dance bar. My three Dutch companions all glug copious
amounts of beer, but I drink nothing. They’re confused:
“Reggie, how can you open up without alcohol? In Holland, we need to drink before
we can really go crazy!”
I am confused myself. Why would you let an artificial mood modifier jade your
senses when the natural high of travel puts you in such a great mood anyway? You
don’t need an intoxicant to enjoy the company of people and music, do you?
Before my Dutchess finishes her first beer, I grab her hand, yank her off her seat,
and carry her over my shoulder like a caveman to the empty dance floor. Hey,
somebody’s got to start the party, right? It’s only the two of us on the dance floor, and
I begin to twirl her around and push her up in the air. Two minutes later, a group of
Korean girls begin to roar! They all raise their drinks and salute to us. WE RULE
170Destination Poon
THIS CLUB.
When SexyDutch goes back to the table, I go to sit with the large group of Koreans.
Pearls immediately come out of my mouth. I have to yell because it’s loud:
“IS IT TRUE THAT KOREANS HAVE SMALL DICKS?”
They look confused. They can’t speak English. I decide not to give up:
“CAN ANYONE OF YOU DO TAE KWAN DO?”
The words “Tae Kwan Do” seem to touch an emotional spot. They all begin to
applaud in excitement. I continue with my curiosity:
“DO YOU BRUSH YOUR TEETH WITH KIMCHI?”
There’s another round of loud applause and wide smiles:
“KIMCHI! YES! KIMCHI! KIMCHI VERY GOOD!”
Damn, Koreans are like cute, human Hello Kittys. I get bored and return to the hot
Dutch girl awaiting me at our table. The dance floor quickly fills up with people. An
hour later, the bar is completely full. Dominik introduces me to another friend of his
who has just arrived on the island. He’s a cool English dude traveling with a blond,
histrionic English party girl. She has a lot of sex appeal, a red bandana on her head,
and obvious daddy issues. She gives me “fuck me” eyes the whole night. I decide
that I like her. We all soon merge into one larger travel group.
Two nights later, this testosterone story turns truly epic.
There’s a moon party on a remote corner of the beach and we all go there. We also
have a new friend, Alex. He’s a Brazilian dude who looks as if someone had just
pulled him out of a favela in Sao Paulo. The interesting thing is that I’ve been
171Destination Poon
completely ignoring SexyDutch, withholding both sex and attention from her for the
past twenty-four hours because she said something I didn’t like. And on the beach
party, I still eschew communication with her.
The party is packed with obnoxious, drunk, ostentatious British tourists. The kind of
people who give British backpackers such a bad reputation. One of them seems to
really be into SexyDutch. She looks helpless. I see him constantly harassing her
near the bar, and he’s way too drunk to interpret her social cues. He’s a big,
menacing man, holding a bottle of beer. But he’s harassing a pussy that belongs to
me.
Guess it’s time to break the ice.
I walk toward SexyDutch and immediately slip my skinny body in between her and
the drunk dude. The dynamics are important: With my back now facing him in a blunt
demonstration of mock disapproval, I plant an explosive kiss to SexyDutch. It’s
fucking scary, because he can easily smash that bottle of beer on my head. Instead,
he just walks away in defeat. SexyDutch kisses me with fiery passion. She’s been
eagerly waiting for this reconciliation:
“THAT WAS SOOOO BRAVE!”
Testosterone, baby, testosterone. I give a wry smile and pull back, making my way
back to Dominik and Alex. Always keep her charmed. Always keep her impressed.
Always keep her wanting more. But on my way back to my buddies, I am stopped by
an unexpected, assertive obstacle. The obstacle’s green eyes fixate on me with an
intensity of passion intermingled with adventure and pure evil. Lo and behold:
It’s SexyEnglish.
This beautiful, tiny masterpiece of sluttiness. Standing there in the middle of the
beach club, giving me a full dose of her submissive, passionate “fuck me” eyes. The
first thing she does is to lean in close and talk naughty things. I don’t have the
172Destination Poon
appropriate attention span to listen to her drunken wisdom, so I just shove my
tongue in her mouth. We begin to make out. Hopefully, SexyDutch doesn’t see this.
But whether she does or not, I realize my course of action should be the same: Bang
SexyEnglish. The equation is simple: I already had sex with SexyDutch, and a new
notch is always better than an old one. I pull my tongue out and speak to
SexyEnglish:
“You know SexyDutch is going to kill you, right?”
I deliver that with a smile. She isn’t impressed:
“I DON’T CARE ABOUT THAT BITCH!”
Classy.
Reggie the Vagician strikes again:
“I’m gonna fuck you on one of these two boats over there. Choose which.”
“I DON’T CARE, I JUST WANT YOU TO FUCK ME HARD!”
Her daddy must have been wonderful to her.
SexyEnglish then asks me to wait a couple of minutes because she wants to go pee
first. She quickly walks to the toilet. Fifteen seconds later, the inevitable thing
happens: SexyDutch comes from nowhere and funnels all her jealousy into...
assaulting me. Sexually. She must have seen us. She straddles my hips and shoves
her tongue in my mouth. I quickly find myself lying on a wooden table, with
SexyDutch dry fucking me right in the middle of the dance floor. I feel like Hercules.
She whispers in my ear:
“I WANT YOU TO FUCK ME SO HARD!”
173Destination Poon
Why do they all want me to fuck them so hard? Now, picture this: As I’m lying there
on the table — with SexyDutch ecstatically thrusting her vagina against my Shlomo
— SexyEnglish returns from the toilet and sees this whole spectacle. And oh my
God, you should have seen her face. She stands there for a good ten seconds,
staring at us with brooding, unbelieving eyes. She seems to be in a mixture of rage,
fury, and speechlessness. I don’t care. I’m going to get laid tonight either way.
As fatigue begins to creep up on both SexyDutch and me, we leave the beach party
when it’s sunrise, a few hours later. And boy, I have never seen her in a more
voracious mode. Meet Jealousy, nature’s strongest female aphrodisiac. Though I’m
beyond exhausted, we fuck like the world’s collapsing tomorrow. I bang her so hard
my hips are bruising as they slam against her ass bones.
An hour later, when my battery is almost depleted, SexyDutch mounts and impales
herself on my cock. She wants another round. This... girl is on... FIRE. Sweating like
a Mexican wrestler, she rides me so wildly our bed begins to chip the paint off the
wall. She rides and holds onto my chest hair so firmly I feel like a silverback gorilla.
She keeps on going, but things soon begin to blur. Fuck, I’m falling asleep. I’m so
tired I’m about to collapse. I battle my own mind and try to stay awake, but it feels
like my battery is now fully depleted. Moaning, sweaty, and heavily breathing,
SexyDutch decides to keep me awake by yelling:
“FUCK ME! UHHHH! FUCK ME!”
My eyes close. I force them to stay open. SexyDutch’s voice is all I can hear:
“FUUUUUUUCK ME! UHHHHHHH! FUCKKKKKK ME!”
This is hopeless. I’m drifting off.
“FUUUUUUUCKKK ME!!”
174Destination Poon
Sorry honey, even testosterone has its limits. The fire inside me flickers out, and with
it my virility. Even the bonding glue of mutual attraction isn’t stronger than my sleep
deprivation. I close my eyes and surrender to the tranquil solitude of a good sleep.
But after some time, something awakens me:
SLAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAP!
I am Reggie, victim of sexual abuse. What the fuck? Did SexyDutch just slap me?
Yes, Reggie, yes she did. Have you ever fallen asleep on the window side of a
plane, only to wake up a minute later when your head bumps into it? That’s exactly
how it felt. I open my eyes in surprise — in a fight-or-flight mode — but all I see is
SexyDutch still riding on me with her mouth open, still sweaty and moaning:
“FUUUUUUUCK ME!!! YEAHHHHH!!! UHHHHHH!!!”
SexyDutch was literally fucking me... while I was ASLEEP. It must have been a short
while, because my dick wasn’t totally limp. I decide to put an end to this misery and
summon every bit of mental focus left in the dark chambers of my brain. I soon cum
spectacularly and SexyDutch lets out her final battle shout:
“Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!”
She stops. I stop. We both finish at the same time. She stares at me in admiration
and dismounts my cock in exhaustion, immediately falling on her back and trying to
catch her breath. She sweats like an immigrant worker in a cornfield. Her first words:
“Oh my God, that was the best sex I’ve ever had.”
Glad you liked it, tell your friends. I then smile. It all comes back to me now. The
vegan diet. The weakness. BelgianNympho. All the headless chickens. Getting both
SexyEnglish and SexyDutch to catfight over me. And now, giving my Dutchess the
orgasm of her life. I officially declare The Testosterone Experiment a tremendous
success. Yes, a true hero is he who is a great fighter, a savvy speaker, and a man of
175Destination Poon
great wisdom and a stout heart. But he’s probably not vegan. I officially return to
lifting heavy and eating copious amounts of fatty meats.
And here’s the thing I didn’t tell you.
The whole time, I was having raw, unprotected sex with SexyDutch because she
said she had a vaginal ring as protection. Stupid, young Reggie. Three months later,
I receive the following message:
“Hey barbarian, bad news... I don’t know if it’s before you, after you, or from you, but
I just tested positive for Chlamydia.”
FUCK.
I go to check myself literally the next morning. The Israeli nurse asks me:
“What makes you think you have Chlamydia?”
“I had sex with a girl who sent me a message yesterday saying she has Chlamidya.”
“Ohh, ok. I just have to warn you it’s not an easy test.”
“C’mon, bring it on.”
The nurse smiles. This should have been my first sign. Why the fuck is she smiling?
To be honest, I really thought it was just a simple blood test. But it was much worse.
She returns with a fucking TUBE and looks at me in mockery.
OH. MY. GOD.
I spring up in shock.
“THERE’S NO WAY YOU’RE PUTTING THAT TUBE IN MY DICK!”
176Destination Poon
She smiles again.
“You asked for it.”
No fucking way. I prefer to live my whole life with Chlamidya than to shove this thing
in my cock. After protests, she ends up giving me a transparent plastic cup to pee in.
She says they used to do urine tests for Chlamidya before the tube became the
norm. They call a week later and say I’m clean. And did I learn anything? Shortly
after, I fly to Holland and have sex with SexyDutch again. This time with condoms.
My only conclusion is this:
Testosterone always has the final say.
177Destination Poon
Reggie Goes to Jail
It is easy in the world to live after the world’s opinion. It is easy in solitude to live after
your own; but the great man is he who in the midst of the crowd keeps with perfect
sweetness the independence of solitude. (Ralph Waldo Emerson)
Ever since I was a kid, there’s always been this one thing I constantly had problems
with:
Authority.
Teachers used to call my dad on an almost daily basis when I was in high school. I
just couldn’t sit still. Couldn’t follow orders. Couldn’t do anything else other than
having fun. And so when it was time for me to join the mandatory military service in
Israel, discipline problems were only a matter of time. This subversive, rebellious,
authority-averse behavior had gotten me confined so many times in the army that I
stopped counting. On two separate occasions, they even sent me to jail. The next
story is about one of them.
It all begins when I record a video of Caspi, an eighty-year old volunteer from my
base, wishing a happy birthday to a female soldier friend of mine. About thirty
seconds into our recording, another female soldier passes behind him. I catch a
glimpse of her through the lens and start teasing Caspi, asking questions about the
passing soldier. His response, and I quote:
“She’s a... modern slut. She had a boyfriend... took her to a hotel in Jerusalem, put
her legs on his shoulders, and pounded her hard with his hose. Why do you think
she asks me to drive her to the hospital every week?”
I personally thought it was hilarious to hear an old man saying this, so I heedlessly
uploaded it to our Facebook group, back in 2008 when Facebook was still a new
snowflake. I didn’t think about the whole thing too much, and continued my day as
usual. But less than two hours later, I get a raging, furious phone call from my
178Destination Poon
commander. Five hours later, I am sentenced to twenty-one days in jail starting right
then and there.
FUCK.
Seriously, how the hell is an ADHD guy like me going to spend twenty-one days
behind bars? Where am I going to funnel my energetic output? How the fuck am I
going to endure the boredom?
That day, my commander escorts me to jail in his car. We even stop on the way to
dine on shawarma. I let myself snuggle into the lap of luxury and stuff my wrap with
fresh raw onions, crisp lettuce, red cabbage, and plenty of good, savory tahini sauce.
Vitamins and minerals aren’t always ample in military jail, so I figure I better stock my
body for the upcoming nutritional drought.
Fast forward two hours.
It’s night, and I am inside a small, damp cell, sealed with concrete from every
direction. It’s only a tiny window — a part of the cell’s door — that provides fresh air.
There are four bunk beds. The rest of the prisoners are all asleep, occupying the
lower beds on the bunks. I climb over to the top bed of one of the beds and let
myself drift off to oblivion. I arrived just a little before midnight, so this actually counts
as a day.
When morning comes, we’re all lined up in shame when the authoritative prison
warden — the top commander of this military jail — comes to observe the new flesh.
He goes one by one to determine the reason for each soldier’s incarceration:
Two of the prisoners tell him they pranked their unit by throwing a gas grenade into
their tent, almost killing one of them, who passed out from the smoke. They got two
weeks inside. One sketchy dude says he stabbed his chef with a utility knife and
bashed a frozen bottle of icy water against his head. He got forty-five days inside,
and was then sent to another jail for the really dangerous soldiers. I heard he’s the
179Destination Poon
nephew of a big crime family in Israel. PrisonWarden then approaches me:
“What’s your name?”
“Regev Elya.”
“What are you in for?”
“I uploaded a video of an old man from my base to Facebook.”
He narrows his eyes. Who the fuck gets thrown in jail for that?
“Don’t play with me, soldier. I’m going to double your jail time.”
“I’m serious. Check your document.”
He takes a look at his document. He then turns around swiftly, trying to hide his
laughter.
An hour later, the main prison officer calls my name through the steel bars and walks
me to his office. He pushes through the front door and sets off an inharmonious,
dissonant chiming from the bell above the door. He tells me to sit in one of the
chairs, and orders the rest of the prison crew to leave the office. What the fuck does
he want from me? He hands me his cell phone, with a naughty smile on his face:
“Somebody wants to speak to you.”
Completely perplexed, I put the phone against my ear. There’s a familiar voice from
the other side:
“YOUR BROTHER TAKES CARE OF YOU!”
Holy crap! It’s my good friend Michael, who serves at my base. He says:
180Destination Poon
“The officer in front of you... he’s a good friend of mine from high school. He’ll take
care of you. I called him right when I heard you’re on your way to his jail.”
Yeah, baby! When I finish the phone call, PrisonOfficer tells me to stay in his office
and asks his crew to prepare coffee and pastries for me. How awesome is that?
While the rest of the prisoners are all burning up inside the torrid cells, here I am in
the office, laughing with the crew, being served chocolate croissants and coffee by a
hot female commander who I can swear gave me eyes. I LOVE YOU MICHAEL.
I plunk a tiny sugar cube in my hot coffee, blowing on it and taking small, scalding
sips. But something unexpected then happens: PrisonWarden opens the door, and
everyone subsides into a surprised silence. When he enters, he stops in the doorway
in complete shock. He stares at me, beyond baffled, as I hold the coffee in one hand
and the chocolate croissant in the other.
“You better have an explanation for this.”
I am then sent back to my cell. Inside, one of the prisoners asks me why I have
chocolate around my lips. I don’t know what to say so, so I just smile. They all
suspect me now for being an inside mole. I decide to play along and act mysterious
and unavailable around them. If you want to keep your authority and reputation,
always stay scarce, especially to your inferiors. And for the rest of my time there,
nobody’s sure whether I’m really a prisoner, or just someone whose sole job is to
collect info about them. I enjoy this game.
At midnight, a new batch of prisoners arrive. They’re being added to my cell, and one
of them wakes me up. He can’t stop crying like a bitch. This triggers no empathy
from me, because he’s supposed to be a fucking man. I ask him to please stop
crying so that the rest of us can sleep. He keeps crying and decides to hate me
forever.
Morning comes. Inspired by a little turmoil in my belly, I get to enjoy my first jail-toilet
181Destination Poon
experience. It’s funny, because the toilet is inside our tiny cell, with no real door
separating it from our beds except for a small wooden thing that looks much like
those swinging doors cowboys kick when they enter bars in the movies. This wooden
door is so low my head completely sticks up over the top. So as I sit down and take a
dump, everybody stares at me from across their beds. I tell them:
“Hope everybody here had chemical warfare training, because things are about to
get thermonuclear.”
They look worried.
The next day, our fourth day, I am starting to get really bored. I have learned every
corner of my cell, read every piece of poetic writing on the beds, and studied every
creative engraving on the concrete walls. Plus, it’s getting blistering hot in the cell.
It’s August, and it’s something like 40c (104f) degrees OUTSIDE. We’re eight people
in this tiny cell, and our body heat combined with the lack of windows seems to
greatly intensify the temperature. Yes, there is a hell, and it’s in Israeli jails during
summer.
Later, the commanders feel bad for us, so they let us clean the base outside the cell
area. In the fresh air, a spirit of defiant pride inspires me to hide my broom in a bush
and wander unauthorized all through the prison base. I reach a warehouse of trucks
and begin to deadlift a large tire to keep in shape. After that, I go inside an air-
conditioned room, sit on the sofa, and watch a movie with seven soldiers who look
puzzled by my striped prison garb. They’re not responsible for me, so they don’t
seem to care. We’re later returned to our cell, and things again get boring.
For the rest of the day, I end up lying in bed. I think to myself, how the fuck am I
gong to spend another two weeks in a place so boring, so devoid of life, so
desensitized of emotions? At one point during the second week, it gets so fucking
boring that I let two other prisoners strike my shins with wooden brooms, teaching
them some Thai-boxing moves. When one of the brooms breaks in half, it makes an
echoing, loud snap sound. We get locked up as punishment. I don’t really mind,
182Destination Poon
because it’s boring anyway, no matter how you spin it.
At one morning, when we’re served eggs and beans again, one of the new prisoners
complains that I make too much noise when I eat with my mouth open. It wasn’t on
purpose, so I just stare back at him and begin to chew my food louder. He curses me
and leaves. I respond by imitating Ace Ventura:
“Leh-hew-zee-hur!”
After breakfast, the crew doesn’t exactly know how to occupy us, so they command
us to paint the walls. We dip our brushes in a bucket of paint, but very soon — when
the paint touches our skin — shouts of terror and intense torment fill the prison air.
F-U-C-K.
The touch of paint against our skin has produced some extremely painful chemical
reaction, as if acid is burning through our skin. Toxic fumes fill our lungs, and
everybody screeches in agony. My shout pierces through the air:
“FUUUUUUUUCK!!! DO SOMETHIIIIING!!!”
It literally feels like our palms are burning in concentrated acid. What the fuck did
they put inside that bucket of paint? One of the prisoners runs around, jumping
repeatedly, as if it’s going to alleviate the pain. He cries:
“AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH, WHAT THE FUCK???? WHAT THE
FUUUUUUUUCKKKK???”
The commanders run everywhere in panic. They end up bringing pieces of flannel
cloth with a can of gasoline. They pour gasoline over our agonized palms, but their
attempts to wipe out the pain don’t do much. Our suffering slowly fades away during
the day, to a point where it only stings. Some of the prisoners refuse to paint the wall.
The commanders don’t object, because they know something has gone horribly
183Destination Poon
wrong with their bucket of paint.
During the next week, I begin to count all the fossilized pieces of old gum under the
beds. IT’S BORING AS FUCK. I spend hours sitting in the collective area that
connects all the cells together, pondering my life, watching dust motes spin in the
thin shafts of light coming through the metal fence that prevents people from
escaping. I begin to think how long it’d take me to dig a tunnel outside. I feel like
Andy Dufresne in The Shawshank Redemption.
At one point, I take a shower in our cell and notice three female soldiers — probably
guards or secretaries — peeking through a small opening, giggling as they look at
me. I smile. One of them is extroverted enough to speak:
“OH MY GOD, YOU LOOK SO MUCH LIKE SCOFIELD FROM PRISON BREAK!”
They spend the next fifteen minutes talking to me through the opening, while I’m
under the constant stream of water running over my back. Ever since that shower, all
the prisoners begin to call me Scofield.
That night, I find myself so hungry I keep banging on the metal door of my cell. I do
that until one of the crew wakes up and throws me a small peach. I feel like a chimp
in the zoo. I finish the peach and begin to bang on the door again. He comes again
and hands me another peach, saying it’s the last one. Fuck him. I go to the wall
opening in the shower and wait for someone to pass. Five minutes later, two girls
walk past it. I capitalize on their maternal instincts and convince them to smuggle
some fruit for me. I fucking love women.
At one point during my time in jail, a sexy girl from my base comes all the way to visit
me. She isn’t allowed entrance, so she leaves a letter for me with one of the guards.
It says how much she misses me and can’t wait for me to get back. Translation: Ah,
come on, you know what that means.
Every night, every prisoner gets a fifteen-minute phone call at the end of the day. I
184Destination Poon
spend them mostly talking to friends from my base. One of the girls informs me that I
am not fully aware of the situation. That I am not merely a face plucked from the
rabble, but a true symbol of mischief and antics. Apparently, my imprisonment has
ignited a blast of local publicity all across our division. Guess what? I was the first
soldier ever — perhaps in the whole Israeli army — to go to jail because of
Facebook. Remember, this was 2008, when people were just starting to use it.
The news make me smile. I ask my friend to tell everyone that whether I get back
dead or alive, I will forever remain the face of rebellion. That if they ever waver in
their resolve — unsure what to do in any life circumstance — they should imagine
what I’d do, and then do the opposite. This is where they’ll find the wisdom they need
to stay out of trouble. I encourage you to do the same.
That week, my family comes to visit me. I get an hour with them outside, in the
“prison plaza.” My brother Aviv is only six-year old, and he’s so scared of my beard
and striped prison garb he squirms in fear when I try to lift him up in the air. My mom
then opens her purse, and lo and behold: SHE BROUGHT SHAWARMA! The wrap
has lost its warmness, but it’s still more than I could ask for. And it’s definitely better
than the beans. My dad tells me:
“You look like a Hezbollah terrorist. For God’s sake, shave that beard.”
Two weeks has passed. I am getting used to jail. Hey, it isn’t that bad! There’s a new
batch of prisoners today. One of them is contorting himself into a pretzel in the
corner. His angular Middle Eastern chin faces earth in lugubrious despair. He looks
like a good guy, so I approach and try to cheer him out of his despondent spirit. I
learn that his name is Israel, that he’s from Jerusalem, and that he fell asleep while
guarding the border in Lebanon and was sentenced to two weeks of jail time. I feel
about a thousand-year old when I tell him:
“What now seems painful can become a great source of beauty and strength when
approached with the right mind. When your mood is wrong, you blame everything as
the cause. But when your mood is right, you’re infused with the inner serenity that no
185Destination Poon
physical discomfort — even imprisonment — can break.”
I also argue that luxury makes it easy to forget your vision and purpose in life, and
that we should all embrace our time here in jail. Because it brings perspective to life.
It reminds me of James Allen’s words: “A sour face does not come by chance; it is
made by sour thoughts.” My words seem to spark some ray of sanguine hope in
Israel, because he raises his lethargic, stubbly chin up. We end up forming a tight
allegiance — and a genuine friendship — over our time in jail. We’re still in touch, to
this very day.
Later that day, there’s a new blonde commander in jail. She is only three months in
the army. Since I’m already close to three years, I decide to mock her for her youth
and false sense of authority. She is very pretty, but has a tiny patch of blonde hair on
her cheek. I won’t fuck her unless she shaves it off. She later tells me my time was
cut from twenty-one to eighteen days. Hooray! This means I have only FOUR DAYS
LEFT! I’m a happy man.
That night, our cell becomes scorchingly hot. The blistering heat of a summer day in
Israel inspire us all to go to sleep almost naked. But it’s still impossible to fall asleep.
One of the prisoners is a strong, large blond man from some religious village. He
goes to the shower-head and turns on the water full-stream to cool down our cell. It
doesn’t help either. We sweat like those creepy old men in steam rooms. Worst part:
The crew refuses to unlock the cell, so we can’t cool ourselves in the breeze outside.
Fuck them all.
So, what are we going to do? Surrender in submission and try to sleep anyway? If
you think so, you’ve probably never hung around military jail dudes. We put five
layers of clothing on this large religious man, trying to get his body temp up. He then
begins to do push-ups on the floor, and it’s so hot it’s painful just to watch him.
There’s sweat dripping all over him. He soon switches to jumping, like in a boxing
workout. Five minutes later, when he’s all red, one of the prisoners bangs on the
metal door and throws a heavy, thick yell from the bottom of his lungs:
186Destination Poon
“HEEEEEEEEEEEEEELP! HE’S DYIIIIIIIIIINGG!!!”
Nobody answers.
“HEEEEEEELP!!! OPEENNNN THE DOOOOR!! SOMBODY’S DYING HERE!!
OPEN THIS FUCKING DOOR!!!”
The crew officers run to the door, peek through the small barred window, and then
unlock it. We all rush outside and the large, religious prisoner resumes the show,
slumping to the ground to make it look all too real. The result: He’s sent to a nearby
hospital and spends the night getting properly fed in an air-conditioned room. And we
stay outside to cool down for two hours. Happy ending for everyone!
Two days later, there’s a strange Zen feeling in the air, at least for me. TWO DAYS
LEFT! A whole new bunch of prisoners arrive, and some of them seem to be dwelling
in sorrow over their misfortune. I tell them an old story about a king from India who
sent two of his officers to explore faraway lands. When they returned, one of them, a
kind person, reported seeing hospitable and generous people. The other one, an
arrogant and selfish man, envied the other officer, saying he was sent to a place full
of schemers and bad people. The king laughed, because he had sent them both to
the same place. My message is that the Buddha was right: We do see things as we
are. If we change the way we see ourselves, we change the way we see things. I tell
them that the real prison is not steel bars, but the ill thoughts inside our minds. To
dissipate these thoughts is to dissipate prison.
Reggie the Buddha. Reggie the Spiritual Shaman of Jewish Prisoners.
The night before I leave, I feast on my last meal: Bean soup. I bite into each bean,
their strange texture spread through my mouth, down my throat, filling my body with
memories from my time here. Memories of the acidic paint. Of Michael Scofield. Of
the beans themselves. It all seems like forever now.
The next morning, I leave. I’M GOING HOME, BABY! On my way out of prison, I
187Destination Poon
convince one of the guards to lend me his cell phone for a moment. As a souvenir, I
take a photo of myself next to the main jail offices, and send it to my own phone.
Outside the gate, my dad awaits me with his car. He again tells me to shave because
I look like a Hezbollah terrorist. Looking around, everything suddenly has a
sumptuous, splendid feel to it. I run my fingers in admiration over the lush green
grass and sniff it under the yellow sun. I touch the rough asphalt on the road. I touch
the dashboard of the car. Now I understand what Robert Pirsig meant when he said
that the Buddha resides quite as comfortably in the circuits of a digital computer or
the gears of a cycle transmission as he does at the top of the mountain or in the
petals of a flower. Everything around me now blooms under a new appreciation. This
world is fucking awesome. OH, FREEDOM! AT LAST.
I return to my base with an enhanced sense of gratitude for freedom. I try to stay out
of trouble for a while, but my most salient trait, playfulness, always has the final say.
Because shortly after my jail time, only a week before I am officially decommissioned
from service, I find myself filled with a liberating sense of outcome independence.
There’s one last act of mischief — a legendary one — that I want to pull off. Lo and
behold:
I brush my shoes until they’re shining like an iridescent diamond. I unlock an
equipment closet and commandeer a brand new military uniform. I change my beret
to the default olive green one that new recruits get. I shave my face. I remove my
Field Intelligence and Second Lebanon War badges. I now look like a soldier on his
first day. But...
Why?
This is when it gets epic.
With my new look, I go to a bootcamp base of newly recruited soldiers. I see them all
lined up in a submissive row, like helpless ducklings, with their commander trying to
instill discipline in them. Two minutes later, when they all go to collect their bags from
the bus, I slip in silently like a sly fox and pick up a random bag to put on my
188Destination Poon
shoulder. Nobody notices, and I immediately join the back of the line. Seconds later,
one of the soldiers exclaims:
“I CAN’T FIND MY BAG!”
His commander seems upset that he has raised his voice. She yells back at him:
“DON’T PLAY WITH US, SOLDIER!”
She then leads them — no, us — into their base, eventually arranging everyone in a
big U. To feel like one of them, I try to mold my psyche to theirs, spreading my legs
and locking my hands behind my back. When I alter my facial expressions, I begin to
adopt their state of mind. And it is then when the party starts. GirlCommander yells:
“YOU’RE NOT IN HIGH SCHOOL ANYMORE, IS THAT CLEAR?”
We all shout back:
“YES MA’AM!”
GirlCommander is a short, nineteen-year-old with the fake toughness of an
inexperienced female commander. She must wear this toughness like a mask, so
that she can keep healthy distance from her soldiers. But you could feel she was
actually a good person deep inside, and that this was all just an act. She goes:
“YOU’RE NOW UNDER MY COMMAND! EVERYTHING THAT I SAY IS...”
She pauses for dramatic effect and continues:
“GOLDEN. IS THAT CLEAR?”
We all answer:
189Destination Poon
“YES MA’AM!”
This is the time. I feel some trepidation, but I decide to go for it anyway. I want to pull
off an epic act of mischief that will forever be remembered here. This is what I do: I
stare at the ground for a couple of moments, trying to appear like a lunatic who’s out
of this world. I then begin to squirm uncomfortably, mumbling random stuff:
“I... I don’t want... I don’t want to be here...”
Surprised, GirlCommander fakes a scowl at me:
“WHAT DID YOU JUST SAY?”
Fuck it, I’m going berserk. Immediately, I raise my head and lock my eyes on hers. I
shout:
“I DON’T WANT TO BE HERE!”
Saying that, I also kick a stone. I swear I meant no harm, but the stone flies and hits
the shoe of one of her crew, a fat officer. GirlCommander’s eyes open up in flaring
surprise and confusion. She tries to get close to me to assert her dominance. Bad
move, girl. Instead of backing off, I yank her toward me and wrap my left arm around
her shoulders. I feel like Heath Ledger and give her the Joker speech, in his exact
tonality of voice and facial gestures:
“My father... was... a drinker... and a fiend. One day he goes off craaaaaaaazier
than usual. Mommy picks up the kitchen knife to defend herself. Daddy doesn’t like
that. Not... one... bit.”
GirlCommander is now SHOCKED. So much that she doesn’t even try to get my arm
off her shoulder. She literally freezes in place, just like everybody else. This whole
moment feels fixed in space and time, separated from reality. All eyes fixate on me.
Nobody moves. They’re all new soldiers, even the commanders, and they have no
190Destination Poon
idea what the fuck is happening. Ah, the sweet sound of silence. I RULE THIS
BOOTCAMP. But why did I give the Joker speech?Well, remember how he dressed
like a nurse before he blew up that hospital? Or how he burned that huge pile of
cash? He was a brilliant, bizarre, terrifying character just because he wanted
nothing. You couldn’t negotiate with him. Which is exactly what I was doing here: Fun
and chaos. But, I forget the rest of the speech, and continue with the first thing that
comes to mind... The V speech from V for Vendetta:
“VOILA! In view, a humble vaudevillian veteran cast vicariously of both villain and a
victim by the vicissitudes of fate! This man, no mere veneer of vanity...”
I forget the rest of this speech too, so I blend it all with the A-Team theme:
“Was sent to prison by a military court for a crime he did not commit!”
I again forget the rest. I finish up my wild speech by going back to V for Vendetta:
“So, I just want you to know that it was very nice to meet you, and you may call me
V.”
As I finish this, I am in both astonishment and awe of managing to blend all those
speeches into one perfect delivery, with smooth transitions, under the eyes of
several commanders and a few dozen soldiers. I don’t wait for anyone to react, and
begin to march past them all. They all look mindfucked, unsure how to respond.
When I’m about thirty yards away from them, the fat officer begins to run after me,
waving his M16, yelling at me:
“STOP! STOP!”
Obviously, he is a slow runner, so I continue on my way, running toward the main
gate. The guys there all know me, so they let me pass. Outside, there’s a car waiting
for me. Success! I have planned everything. Now, for the entire following week, I was
afraid they were going to find out who I was and send me back to jail for another
191Destination Poon
month. Some girls called my name when they saw me running away from the fat
officer. But guess what? Nobody ever talked to me about it. And a week later, I was
officially released from duty.
Reggie the Reckless Joker. Reggie the Irrepressible Motherfucker.
Half a year later, at a party I was promoting here in Haifa, there was an unexpected
guest. Remember the prison warden from jail? The one who laughed when he heard
about the video? It was him in all his glory. Drowning his boring existence in a plastic
cup of Vodka Red Bull. So... that’s what military commanders do when they’ve
outlived their purpose. When I approached him, he recognized me instantly:
“WAIT! AREN’T YOU THE FACEBOOK GUY?”
I smiled and said:
“You just couldn’t let me finish the croissant, could ya?”
“HAHAHAHA WE COULDN’T STOP LAUGHING ABOUT THE VIDEO! IT WAS
HILARIOUS!”
Also, remember Israel, the dispirited man I became good friends with in jail? Right
before he left, he handed me a letter though the bars. In it, he thanked me for taking
good care of him, wrote his phone number, and asked me to call him when I was out.
We ended up hanging out in Tel Aviv, gorging on falafel and beer. And what’s really
awesome is that we have stayed in touch to this very day. Only a few months ago,
EIGHT YEARS later, I attended his wedding. It was a unique ceremony, because it
was right in the middle of Operation Protective Edge in Gaza. His wedding was in
Netivot, a city right on the border. The highlight? Incoming rockets were flying above
us during the ceremony, and we were all running for cover. Luckily, nobody was
injured. So, my only advice:
Pursue your dreams, cultivate a strong identity, lead a passionate life, and never
192Destination Poon
forget that your life can be taken away in an instant. And just like the Joker,
remember that whatever doesn’t kill you, simply makes you...
Stranger.
193Destination Poon
I Like to Clean 'em Bushes
Inside the woods they roam freely, and there are added concerns like venomous
snakes, rabid animals, and no real paths to follow. But there’s also food if you know
how to find it. (The Hunger Games)
The great travel author and early environmentalist John Muir said that the best way
to prepare for a trip is to throw some tea and bread into an old sack and jump over
the back fence. I agree, which is why I always carry and plan as little as possible.
You see, traveling light eliminates distractions and gives you a more complete, raw
experience. And by not planning much, you add a sense of unpredictability and a
fiery spark of adventure to your travels. But what if this philosophy leads you right
into the jungle with an escaped murderer? Let me explain.
Remember the story about BarefootGerman, the girl I picked up on an island in
Belize so I could have somewhere to sleep for the night? Well, after a few intense
days of fornication, I decided to leave the touristic island and go see something
more... real. I wanted to get a taste of the true Belizean lifestyle, so by the
recommendation of a local, I was making my way to a remote village called Crooked
Tree. Getting there took a bus ride from Belize City, dropping at a junction in the
middle of nowhere, and then a boat through muddy waters and dense bushes.
When I arrive, the village is muddy, flooded, slippery, and completely dark — devoid
of any lampposts or artificial lights. The locals warn me not to get too close to the
surrounding waters, because crocodiles are lurking there. I feel like I’m in another
era, where mammoths are hunted with sharp spears and the terrain is so rough you
need hardy Mongol ponies just to get around. I look around for other tourists or
hotels, but there are none. Most tourists would never go to a place like this. They’d
rather go drink beer and party.
Only ten minutes after arriving, I am invited to a wooden house of three single moms
who all happen to be sisters. They have a massive litter of kids running around the
house, all very excited by my white skin and chest hair. They think I’m a gorilla.
194Destination Poon
Locals here can’t grow hair like Jews do. I am curious:
“Where are their daddies?”
One of the sisters tells me:
“Ah, Belizean culture is different. Men here don’t commit.”
This reminds me of the r/K selection theory in ecology. Ever heard of that? It
basically says there are two main reproductive strategies: K-selected populations
come from harsh environments where dads make fewer offspring but invest more in
their upbringing because of increased survival difficulties, while r-selected
populations come from easy environments where dads are more like shotguns,
fucking as many women as they can and running away from the chaos that ensues.
Quality against quantity. If this theory is true, Belize is definite evidence for the latter.
Anyway, one of the three sisters is a smoking hot twenty-year-old girl with long legs.
She has wholesome boobs and skin the color of dark roasted coffee. Her booty is
firm and round, and it dances enthusiastically even when she walks. The funniest
and most authentic thing about her is her thin afro dreadlocks. We end up spending
the night drinking cheap local beer, but I give up the idea of penetrating her heart
and loins when a local tells me that one out of every forty people in Belize has HIV.
Factoring in her increased sense of sexiness and seductiveness, I conclude she has
at least 10% HIV risk. And even with two condoms, this is a risk I am completely
unwilling to take. So, I spend the night alone in a rented room in the yard of a local
family’s farm.
The next day, I wander around the village and find a small eatery. I ask for a coconut.
One minute later, a huge, muscular, toothless black man excuses himself from his
field work and cracks open a coconut for me with his machete. He brings it to me,
but looks a bit shy, as if he feels inferior. I offer him half my coconut and invite him to
sit down. He hesitates at first, but then relents. We end up chatting for half an hour. I
am genuinely interested in his culture, and he can feel that.
195Destination Poon
“My name is Alfred, but everybody calls me Indian.”
Apparently, he’s built himself this bad reputation in the village of becoming really
combustible and hostile when he gets drunk. And he seems to love my respectful
attention:
“Ya know I’ma good person, yo not afraid o’ me like everybody else.”
I feel like I’m in Beauty & The Beast. When he says that, I can really feel like there’s
a good, shy interior to this rugged, brutal-looking exterior.
“Afraid of you?”
To show him that I really trust him, I then take the tip of his machete and point it at
my throat for a photo. He laughs toothlessly.
196Destination Poon
Indian turns out to be a very interesting person. I ask him:
197Destination Poon
“What’s your job?”
“I help with da field here whenever they need anything.”
There doesn’t seem to be too much work here. I’m curious:
“What do you do when there’s nothing to do?”
“I go huntin’ in da bushes!”
That’s when I become completely hooked:
“I’M COMING WITH YOU THE NEXT TIME YOU GO HUNTING!”
You see, I’ve always wanted to let Nature embrace me in her arms. To feel like a part
of the food chain. To catch, clean, and cook wild game into a fine meal. Self-reliance
at its finest. In the West, we buy our meat slaughtered and packaged, and this
makes us lose respect for the process behind, and for the animal itself. So I want to
experience hunting, at least once. To feel the way humans did since time
immemorial, long before civilization was ever invented. Indian becomes super
excited too. He likes the idea that a Western is so interested in his life. It’s a win-win!
Indian takes me hunting, I stroke his ego.
We end up going hunting in the nearby woods early the next morning, with Indian’s
friend, son, and two of his loyal hunting hounds. Our plan is to catch armadillos and
givnats (giant jungle rats) for his wife to cook. When I ask him about our chances, he
says we should be happy if we come back with anything. Happy Hunger Games,
Reggie! And may the odds be ever in your favor.
It’s a long, lovely path into the woods. Lots of greenery, rivers, and ponds of cold
water. The hissing sounds of the jungle makes this whole experience exotic. It’s only
my leather moccasins — which quickly become completely sodden and muddy —
that make the hunt a little uncomfortable. But I don’t really mind. Because again,
198Destination Poon
physical discomfort means nothing when you’re in the right mood.
Once we’re deep into the bushes, Indian lets his dogs run and sniff all around the
place. We lose sight of them, so we just sit down on a fallen tree and prop our feet
against some rocks. Indian asks me about Israeli pussy. I ask him if he thinks
SexyBelizean has HIV. They’re all certain she would test positive. I have made the
right choice. We begin to drink from Indian’s small plastic bottle of red homemade
wine. Wait a sec, isn’t Indian dangerous when he drinks? Indian’s friend opens up
and tells me he used to belong to a Belizean gang in the U.S. twenty years ago, and
that he escaped the country after murdering a Mexican gang member.
FUCK.
ME.
SIDEWAYS.
Seriously, put the book down for a second and try to imagine yourself in my shoes.
You’re in a jungle in the middle of nowhere, at the mercy of a decrepit escaped
criminal with a hollow smile. And also of a massive, toothless fellow known for violent
outbursts when drunk. Oh, and did I mention both of them are drinking wine and
holding razor-sharp machetes? Welcome to another day in la vida de Reggie. Enjoy
your stay.
EscapingMurderer then tells me he regrets his crime every day. I half-jokingly, but
also half-seriously, ask him to please not kill me. He smiles. WHY IS HE SMILING? I
try to analyze his reaction but stop before I drive myself to insanity. After some more
wine, we continue to stride along the jungle. Everybody becomes a little more loose,
and Indian again says he loves pussy. EscapingMurderer says he likes pussy too. I
tell them we all love pussy. We’re then interrupted by a heavy rustling in the bushes
and by sharp, explosive barks:
“WAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAFFFFFF!!!”
199Destination Poon
“WAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAFFFFFF!!”
“WAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAFFFFF!!”
It’s the dogs. They must have found meat. Indian and EscapingMurderer
immediately unsheathe their machetes and begin to storm toward the barks like two
Usain Bolts. They’re like two oiled, synched machines with the hunting practice of a
lifetime.
“REGGIE!! COM OVA’H!!!! WE GOT FOOOOOOOD!”
I begin to storm after them and feel like Spiderman as I try to avoid all the branches
rebounding after them. Two minutes later, we reach the dogs. Indian and
EscapingMurderer start to dig in the earth with their machetes. They dig for a two
minutes, and it is then when I see the creature for the first time in my life:
There’s a massive armadillo in the hole they dug. I have never seen an armadillo in
real life, only in cartoons where they’re depicted as innocent, cute creatures.
Certainly not as a source of nutrients. The cute armadillo then springs up out of the
ground and begins to run incredibly fast. It’s amazing how rapid they are with such
short legs and a thick layer of armor. The dogs immediately begin to run after them.
We quickly reach their spot. The armadillo has again dug himself a hole, so we begin
to dig. Two minutes later, Indian shoves his hand down the hole and brings the
creature out by its thick tail. He yells to me:
“GRAB DA MACHETE REGGIE! IT’S COMIN’!”
The armadillo spins wildly in the air, desperately trying to release himself from
Indians’ grip. But Indian is one tough motherfucker. Although the creature uses its
razor-sharp nails to dig a deep wound in one of his fingers, Indian still keeps his grip
— even when a gush of blood spouts all over his palm. He just looks at me, smiling
toothlessly, as if this wound serves as a victory mark for a successful hunt. Ten
200Destination Poon
seconds later, when the armadillo is still spinning around in his bloody hand, Indian
prepares for the onslaught and looks at me:
“OKAY REGGIE! YOU GON’ DO IT? YOU GON’ CHOP HIS HEAD?”
Oh fuck. I forgot I had to do that. Maybe I shouldn’t? Come on, Reggie. You’re going
to eat it anyway — you’re fucking hungry — and it would be hypocritical to let them
kill it just so you don’t have to feel bad about yourself. In the West, we have so lost
touch with nature we seem to forget somebody out there has to kill the animals we
eat. So, I grab the machete and give Indian a hesitant nod. He brings the armor-
shelled mammal to the ground, pushing his shoe against it so that it can’t escape. I
look at him. He looks back at me.
“KILL THIS MOTHERFUCKA’H REGGIE!”
Damn, this is more intense than I had imagined. I feel sad for this creature. I turn my
gaze skywards and watch the flight of green parrots crossing the sky. They must be
having a better day than this poor armadillo. But I guess that’s life. I then bring my
face back to the ground and hold the machete with both hands. I want to maximize
accuracy before I deliver the fatal death blow, the grand finale of this armadillo’s life.
Indian seems a little worried:
“DON’T CHOP ME UH! DON’T CHOP ME!!!”
I’ll do my best, Indian. I try to aim as accurately as I can. I feel a strong desire to
minimize this poor armadillo’s pain. It’s so fucking cute, looking at me with its Disney
eyes. Indian keeps pushing me:
“DO IT REGGIE! BUT DON’T CHOP MA’H FINGA’HS!”
And it is then when I deliver the strongest death blow that I can.
BAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAM!
201Destination Poon
In one swift motion, I strike its neck, and a heavy gush of thick blood hits my nostrils,
my palms, my clothes, even my mouth. The armadillo doesn’t look dead yet,
because it keeps squirming on the ground with blood squirting everywhere. It feels
like the scene from Kill Bill when Uma Thurman chops the ninjas one after another in
her yellow suit and Hatori Hanzo sword. It’s that gory. The sharp scent of raw
armadillo blood climbs up into my nose, right into my throat, clutching it tight with a
mixed sense of both guilt and relief. As the creature twists inside its own gory pool of
blood, I give it a few more strikes to end its dying moments as quickly as possible.
EscapingMurderer assures me that it died on my first blow, and that it was just his
nerves pulsing. Indian exclaims:
“YOU DID IT REGGIE! YOU DID IT! YOU KILLED THIS MUTHAFUCKAAAAA’H!”
Reggie the Hunter. Reggie the Executioner. Reggie the Touch of Death.
202Destination Poon
Feeling strange, I take the armadillo and rest it on my shoulder. We continue to walk
and cross another river on our way to find more game. But as we stride through the
cold waters, a strange acidic stench begins to make the trees spin. I feel something
lightly touching my body. HOLY FUCK. Did something venomous bite me? Was it a
spider? I look around, trying to find this poisonous thing that must still be clinging to
my skin. But all I see is Indian and EscapingMurderer laughing their asses off.
“IT’S DA ARMADILLO, REGGIE! HE PEES ON YA’!”
I am not convinced:
“IT’S DEAD!”
Indian then points to my left shoulder. I follow his hand. Lo and behold! The armadillo
is peeing on me! Apparently, it’s peeing reflexes still work. What can I say? Travel
makes you meet unexpected people, like escaping murderers, and unexpected
experiences, like dead armadillos peeing on you. But I don’t have the time to dwell
on this, because the dogs immediately begin to bark again:
“WAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAFFFFFFFFFF!!”
“WAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAFFFFFFFFF!!”
“WAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAFFFFFFFFFF!!”
Indian shouts:
“THERE’S ANOTHA’ ONE IN DA HOLE!”
Indian, EscapingMurderer and Indian’s son all begin to storm forward again with their
machetes unsheathed. I run after them with the dead, peeing armadillo on my
shoulder. There’s an exotic, disgusting mixture of thick blood and golden pee all over
my shirt. When we reach the dogs, the digging ritual begins all over again. A few
203Destination Poon
minutes later, I deliver a fatal blow, sending another armadillo to the next world. My
shirt again gets a spree of thick blood. This time I wait for it to pee first before putting
it on my shoulder. I’m not French.
We call this hunting day a success and head back to camp, to Crooked Tree. The
path of lush greenery and cold streams of jungle water feels longer now with the
weight of two dead armadillos on my shoulder. I feel like a Tanzanian huntsman.
In Indian’s wooden house, they begin to skin the dead creatures. They boil the armor
and feed it to the dogs. Not a single scrap is wasted here. Indian’s wife takes the
meat, puts it in a large cast-iron pot, adds some fresh pineapples and spices, and
lets it rest for a while. After an hour, she takes the meat out and barbecues it directly
over the grill. The result? DELICIOUS.
204Destination Poon
Unfortunately, Indian gets drunk during the meal and encourages me, and I quote, to
“fuck my sexy daughter and spank her big ass.” She stands right next to him. She
must have HIV, because she’s way sluttier than SexyBelizean. Indian’s wife gets
angry and begins to slap and beat her husband like a mad Persian wife. She doesn’t
like it when he’s drunk. It’s embarrassing to watch, so EscapingMurderer urges us to
leave.
That night, swathed in a pink silk sheet, cocooned like a caterpillar, my mind is filled
with gory memories of brutal death blows and the taste of armadillo blood in my
mouth. I find it very hard to fall asleep. I feel guilty.
At the morning, I go get breakfast at the eatery and see someone quite unique: He
wears a funny jungle hat, military shorts and boots, and there’s a rifle hung from his
shoulder. I swear to God, put an eyepatch on him and he’d look like a Somali pirate.
He’s standing next to a jeep with a dead wild boar inside. This guy’s a hunter. I begin
to talk to him and tell him of my time with Indian. His reaction takes me by surprise,
205Destination Poon
because he bursts out LAUGHING.
He tells me that Indian isn’t a real hunter. That he doesn’t go for the big animals.
Everyone around confirms to me that this guy here is the real deal. They call him
Squirrel. They say he’s the best of hunters around, and that he supplies the village
with constant game. I again get excited, so I ask Squirrel to take me along with him
on his next hunt. Unlike Indian, he is reluctant:
“Da jungle is not easy man. We go for few dayz and sleep in da tents and there all
kind o’ mosquitoz and tigerz and animals. Not sure ya can handle dat.”
Ha! Throw me a challenge and I’m all in.
“Don’t worry, I’m not European. I come from the Israeli army.”
I’m not sure he even knows where Israel is, but hey — it worked. The word army
seemed to have evoked just the right emotion to do the trick, because he nods his
head in approval. He doesn’t tell me when exactly that is going to happen, so I just
assume he’ll find me. It’s a small village.
Early the next morning, three knocks on my door wake me up. Still exhausted and
tasting of the thick blood flavor that refuses to go away, I open it. It’s Squirrel the
Hunter in all his glory! Standing with legs wide apart, he just smiles at me with his
snouty, squirrelly look. He may be a thin man, but he carries himself with the kind of
manliness The Rock could only be jealous of. Squirrel lets out only three words:
“WE GO HUNTIN’!”
He hands me a pair of black rubber boots to protect myself against venomous
snakes. He also hands me two weapons. One of them is a sharp machete for close
combat, and the other a shotgun with shells so massive I could probably kill a rhino
with a single shot. I wonder if Squirrel thinks I’m an ex-commando or something,
because I’m far from it. Anyway, I am completely stoked by this upcoming adventure.
206Destination Poon
This is the kind of experience you remember thirty years later. I’m also curious, what
makes Squirrel the best hunter? Does he steal eggs from nests? Does he catch fish
in large nets? Does he shoot animals from a distance? Does he hide in dense
bushes?
An hour later, we’re in the far outskirts of the village, where the waters are full of
crocodiles. We prepare the gear and load everything — including two hunting
hounds — into his green canoe. We have two more guys with us, his young
apprentices. They carry everything and skin the animals for Squirrel. In exchange, he
teaches them how to hunt and gives them some of the food.
An hour of paddling later, we reach an isolated, silent, lush part of the jungle. This
place is so untouched and so fucking green I feel like I’m in the Jurassic period. This
is our hunting grounds. We unpack everything and pitch our tents two dozen yards
from the shore. Squirrel says the crocodiles don’t venture that far from the water. We
then boil a pot and cook some rice and beans in it. This tedious paddling has greatly
207Destination Poon
intensified our hunger.
While it cooks, Squirrel takes me on a walk, weaving through our encampment and
past it until the smoke from the fire is far behind. He shows me all kinds of hidden
gems in the area. And while it looks completely virginal and untouched at first, he
soon shows me some Mayan ruins protruding from the earth, overgrown in a way
that makes them blend perfectly with nature. It’s like this place is unable to decide if
it’s natural or not. We sit on top of a hill, where I find more evidence of Mayan ruins.
Squirrel tells me there should be plenty of gold and precious stones beneath us,
because the Mayans were buried along with everything they possessed. I suggest
that it might be a more lucrative idea to hunt for treasure instead of meat. Squirrel
shrugs. Right here, in this exotic corner of the jungle, this snouty man has spent
copious amounts of time hunting and skinning, roaming and gathering, fishing and
snaring, while there’s treasure right underneath his feet. He cares more about food
than he cares about treasure. I’m thinking maybe I should Jewify him a little bit. But I
just prop my leg up against a tree and shrug. The wind brings seductive memories of
SexyBelizean:
“Yo Squirrel, you think SexyBelizean has HIV?”
“FO’ SURE REGGIE! SHE’S A GOOD PUSSY!”
Alright, alright! I make a mental note, increasing her odds of having HIV to 25%.
Back at camp, we feast on rice and beans, covering the food with red salsa. There’s
no need to precisely divvy everything up and factor in size or physical output,
because we have plenty. When Squirrel glances at my face to see if I like the flavor
of his masterpiece, he is surprised by my look of disgust. I tell him:
“Your food is great, man. I just have the taste of armadillo blood stuck in my mouth.”
Squirrel smiles, gets up, and grabs a leaf from a nearby jungle-lime tree. He tells me
208Destination Poon
to chew on it. I do. Guess what? The blood flavor is GONE. This man is indeed the
real deal. When he later sees me trying to get a thorn out from my foot, he hands me
another thorn to dig and remove the other. It’s amazing. This Belizean MacGyver can
utilize this jungle and mold anything into any tool he needs. He is one with nature,
adroit at using every bit of it. The jungle is like the doorway to both sanity and
sustenance for him. His enthusiastic, avid attentiveness is refreshing, especially
when compared with the depressing apathy of Modernity, where healthy playfulness
and the natural curiosity of life have been replaced by mundane tasks and superficial
comfort.
We end up spending a couple of days in the bush. You should have seen Squirrel
hunting at night, competing for prey with the jaguars that are also on the prowl. It’s
marvelous. Our booty? Some fish, a turtle, and a wild pig. Some of our fish were
stolen from the canoe by a crocodile when we were asleep, but we can’t complain.
Every creature must eat.
209Destination Poon
Before we leave, one of Squirrel’s apprentices prods my elbow, asking me to carry
the pig to the boat. But before I agree, it hits me that one of our hunting hounds is
missing.
“Yo Squirrel, where’s the second dog?”
His reply?
“I think a jaguar got him when he went sniffing around last night.”
0_0
Overall, I learned a great deal from Squirrel. That you never shoot big cats unless
they threaten your life. That SexyBelizean’s odds of having HIV are higher than I
thought. That rice, beans, and plantains go very well together with salsa. That lime
tree leaves can help remove the disgusting flavor and reek of armadillo blood. That
our ancestors never needed a gym because carrying a large carcass back to camp
is a fucking nightmare and a great workout. That hunting for food in a lush rainforest
is vastly more fun than spending the same time in an office, hunting for money to buy
food. And also, that a friend of mine, Joe, the son of a hunter, was right:
“Intelligent hunters are the ones who care the most about ecology, the animals, and
the numbers. They never hunt the mothers, the elders, or the leaders, because these
animals know where the food is and guide their pack to it. Hunters are ashamed of
themselves if they injure an animal without killing it.”
When we’re back in Crooked Tree, I order cold beers for everyone and thank them
sincerely. I give my professional snorkeling set to Squirrel as a present of gratitude.
He’s excited and tells me:
“This gon’ help me see betta’h underwate’h so I can avoid the crocs when I fish wit
ma’h speargun.”
210Destination Poon
I show them all the photos and videos we’ve taken in the past few days. One of his
apprentices becomes excited:
“You’ve got the full Belizean experience, man! Now you have something to take back
to your country!”
I smile and hug them all. Before I walk off for good, I ask Squirrel if he has any kids.
He tells he knows of at least thirteen around Crooked Tree, but that there should be
more somewhere. Curious, I ask him how many girls he had fucked in his life. I will
end this chapter with his words:
“OH, COUNTLESS, REGGIE! COUNTLESS! I LIKE TO CLEAN ‘EM BUSHES!”
211Destination Poon
Reggie Destroys America
Friendship is everything. Friendship is more than talent. It is more than the
government. It is almost the equal of family. (Don Corleone, The Godfather)
Since so many of my readers are Americans, I believe I owe you guys a dedicated
chapter from your great land of unlimited opportunities, cheap burgers, and
shameless sluts. And to find one, there’s no need to dig deep in my archive of
mischief. I just returned from a trip to the U.S., and the memories are still vivid and
disturbing.
This story happened when I flew from Central America to Greensboro, North
Carolina. My cousin Yuval was having her Jewish graduation party and I was about
to surprise her — she had no idea I was coming. When I arrived, her father Dakar
was waiting outside the airport to pick me up, and from there we headed right to a
restaurant where Yuval was celebrating with her friends. She was completely
shocked. It was an exciting evening, but what this story really is about is the chain of
events that followed. This is how this epic month in America looks:
The very next morning, we wake up early and attend the actual graduation at Yuval’s
Jewish school. I should also mention that up until this moment, I had no idea
graduation is such a big deal in America. Inside her school, my eyes witness a
massive number of American Jews all exchanging jokes, socializing, and dressed in
similar black suits. Like a cattle herd with yarmulkes.
The school’s main hall is surprisingly magnificent. Especially its marble walls, which
are decorated with golden Hebrew inscriptions. Somebody must have put a lot of
thought into them. Anyway, this exquisite architectural style fascinates me so much
that I begin to wander around in amazement. But because nobody wants a Saudi
terrorist to bomb the place, security is tight. So tight that a cop soon approaches me
with a barrage of questions:
“Sir, what are you doing here?”
212Destination Poon
I decide to play with him. Remember, I just arrived in the U.S. and my brain is still
calibrated to the fun, playful nature of Central America. This means a sense of
liberation and discovery — rather than social responsibility — guides my path. My
answer:
“I am a terrorist from the Middle East.”
AmericanCop’s face freezes in both shock and surprise. His eyes enlarging, he then
shakes his head in disbelief:
“WHAT DID YOU JUST SAY?”
Fuck, American cops can’t take a joke. I back off:
“Kidding, man! I’m here for the graduation.”
This doesn’t help too much. AmericanCop continues:
“Who are you here for?”
“My cousin Yuval. Are you like a cop, or what?”
“Yes, I’m a cop. Where is the rest of your family?”
“Somewhere inside.”
AmericanCop then becomes extremely suspicious, increasing the rate of his boring
questions. I decide to keep myself amused:
“When did you arrive in America?”
“Yesterday. I am NOT a terrorist.”
213Destination Poon
“What’s your name?
“Hard to spell. I am NOT a terrorist.”
“DON’T MOVE FROM THIS SPOT!”
“I AM NOT A TERRORIST.”
Thirty seconds later, another cop joins us. He is as burly and wide as Michael Clark
Duncan from The Green Mile. But his face is white and rigid, and topped with blond
hair. The kind Hitler liked. He begins to speak:
“Sir, I’ll ask you to leave now.”
“I flew all the way from Panama just to be at this graduation. I’m not going
anywhere.”
He glares at me and raises his voice:
“Sir, I’LL AGAIN ASK YOU TO LEAVE NOW.”
Keep calm and stay awesome, Reggie.
“And I’ll again tell you I’m staying here.”
He then scowls, and two other cops come and surround me. But before this moment
turns a little violent, the head of security comes to see what the commotion is all
about. He joins us and relaxes the four cops with his authoritative smile and his
relaxing vibe:
“Relax, everyone! I’ll handle it.”
214Destination Poon
Unlike the cops, he acts not with impulse but with the kind of serenity the Stoics used
to practice. He seems more driven by logic, immune to extreme emotional
disturbances. I appreciate that and like him immediately. He then speaks to me:
“Son, what’s up? Who are you here for?”
I show him a photo on my cell phone. He looks relieved when he sees my uncle
across the screen:
“Oh, I know him. Wait here a sec, I’ll bring him.”
I am then left with the four cops. I forgive them for their flaws because I’m in a good
mood. I tell them I’m really excited to be in America. They remain as cold as ice.
Three minutes later, the head of security returns with my uncle, both resting their
arms on each other’s shoulders. They must be good old friends. My uncle grabs and
walks me inside, where the ceremony is about to begin. I wink at the cops. As
always, I win because I didn’t care about the outcome. My uncle looks at me in
disbelief:
“WHAT ARE YOU DOING? THIS IS NOT ISRAEL HERE, YOU CAN’T JOKE WITH
AMERICAN COPS LIKE THAT!”
I feel like Borat.
The ceremony begins and the national anthem of Israel is played. There are more
golden Hebrew inscriptions everywhere. And lots of Israel flags too. The Jewish
cattle herd with yarmulkes is all inside now. The peculiarity of this baffles me. I’m in
America, but I feel like I’m in Jerusalem. I also shed a few tears to the sound of our
anthem. I haven’t been home for quite a while.
After the ceremony ends, the participants toss their black square hats up in the air.
One of the hats gets trapped inside a big lamp hung from the ceiling. Somebody’s
going to have a nightmare of a job tonight getting it down. As we all begin to make
215Destination Poon
our way to the big dining hall, I end up holding the door open for a Jewish, Asian
MIDGET. What the fuck are the odds? America is indeed the land of endless
possibilities.
Inside the dining hall, the food is wholesome. Our table is quickly laden with so much
color it adopts the spectrum of a rainbow. My cousin Linor brings a few plates of
white, pearly couscous. My uncle brings hummus, tahini sauce, and fresh
vegetables. There are green peppers, blood-red tomatoes, and salty pickles the
color of olives. It’s all there. It’s a mini-Israel! I designate for myself the role of getting
fruit and coffee, and I soon return with a large bowl of watermelon, mango, grapes,
and mugs of hot coffee. The atmosphere is amazing. It’s hard to overstate the
rejuvenating properties of a good meal. The way it makes people instantly happier. I
LOVE AMERICA.
After the meal, we drive back to my American family’s house in Myrtle Beach, South
Carolina. I end up spending two weeks there, mostly hanging out with my cousin
Linor all day. And what do you think? After traveling with almost zero luggage for so
long, did I find America too commercial? Did I isolate myself in some national park to
bring back the feeling of nature? Of course not. Remember folks:
Think with the few, converse with the many.
I may have traveled the world with nothing but a shirt and a tiny backpack to hold my
laptop, but here in Myrtle Beach I went nuts. I ended up with fifty pounds of clothing
from Tanger Outlets. I was amazed how cheap stuff is in America. American fellas,
while you can buy Ralph Lauren shirts for $30, my Israeli friends pay more than $150
for the same thing. I even bought a yellowish Nautica down jacket for a whopping
$16. Back in Israel? Same model sells for $400. Oh, America! You have destroyed
the essence of my soul in just a few days. But why did I need so much stuff?
Because I had absolutely zero clothes back home — I had donated it all years ago
— and I was now preparing myself to settle down once I returned. I wanted some
clothes.
216Destination Poon
The first shop Linor takes me to is a Tommy Hilfiger. There are three black
employees there. One of them is the cashier, and the other two are a couple — an
actual couple — of a sexy black girl and her boyfriend. They are supposed to help
the customers with the clothes. I decide to engage the couple by striking up a
random conversation, and they become excited when I show them photos from
Central America. Photo of hunting armadillos. Of horse and motorbike accidents. Of
exotic beaches and orange sunsets. BlackGirlfriend’s eyes soon widen.
BlackBoyfriend erupts in admiration:
“OH MY GOD, YOU’RE THE COOLEST CUSTOMER TO EVER WALK IN THIS
SHOP!”
Big mistake, brother. Show your girlfriend your admiration for another man, and you
only make her instantly attracted to him. Just like the flip of a switch. She can’t
control this. Her DNA has its own agenda, and it’s constantly looking for a stronger
set of genes for her future offspring.
Attempting to live vicariously through my experiences, BlackGirlfriend becomes so
excited she shoots me with a barrage of questions about my travels. The scent of
her perfume hits my nostrils, giving me a slight boner. Her black poon must be on
fire, because she eye fucks me right in front of her boyfriend. I don’t have time for
this, though. There are so many questions I’ve always wanted to ask!
“I’ve gotta ask you something.”
“Sure.”
“Is my cousin considered black?”
You see, Linor isn’t white. Her skin is darker than Latinos’, almost the color of
Beyonce. But she lacks the genetic facial features of a black person. I’d say she
looks more like an Indian, but... we certainly aren’t Indian. So if she isn’t Asian,
Indian, black, Latina, or white, what is she? What are we? BlackGirlfriend answers:
217Destination Poon
“Obviously not!”
I decide to go the rhetorical way and aid her judgment:
“Well, are you black?”
“Of course!”
“What’s really the difference? It’s only an extra layer of blackness. If you’re a stout
beer, she’s more of a chocolate.”
BlackGirlfriend smiles uncomfortably:
“Ahh.. that’s kinda racist!”
“C’mon, we’re Jewish. The KKK and Nazis killed us both. We’re your brothers!”
She smiles again. I continue the conversation:
“Wait, am I white or black?”
“You clearly are white.”
“But I am from Israel. It’s the Middle East. Aren’t whites from Europe only?”
BlackGirlfriend looks baffled:
“Ahhh, I don’t know.”
I decide to strengthen the mutual glue that bonds us:
“I DON’T WANT TO BE WHITE! THEY KILLED US ALL!”
218Destination Poon
They laugh hysterically, wincing in discomfort. But it doesn’t bother me. I am not
American, therefore I am not conditioned by American social norms. I again feel like
Borat.
I go and try a few fancy shirts in the changing room. BlackGirlfriend is right outside,
talking to me the whole time I change into different clothes. This moment, right there,
is when I’d open the door and yank her inside had her boyfriend not been there too.
But he looks up to me in so much admiration right now, that I just can’t hurt him. I
later go to the black cashier to pay for my stuff. On my way out, more pearls of
wisdom come out of my mouth:
“ALRIGHT, PEACE BROTHERS! LET’S GO KILL SOME WHITES!”
They all laugh again, cheering with their arms up in the air, wishing me the best of
luck in their nation. But once we’re outside the shop, my cousin smiles naughtily and
brings a small, wrinkled paper out of her bag:
“She told me to give you her number! When I told her I think you like her, she said,
OH MY GOD, I’M TOTALLY INTO HIM!”
Oh, America! What the fuck is wrong with your culture? Her boyfriend was right next
to her! I didn’t end up banging her, though. She was living with her boyfriend, and my
uncle doesn’t allow goys (non-Jews) in his home. BlackGirlfriend, if you’re reading
this, then perhaps another time, in other circumstances, we can make a sexy time.
Linor and I spend the entire rest of the week in Myrtle Beach, shopping meticulously
for sale items in Tanger Outlets. I get an instant dopamine rush whenever I see the
red label that reads “CLEARANCE.” Soon enough, I reach the inevitable conclusion
that Tanger Outlets aren’t big enough to satisfy my ferocious hunger for clearance
items, so I go on Amazon to hunt for bargains. Inspired by The 4 Hour Chef, I buy a
ceramic lemon squeezer, a bag of activated charcoal, a coffee grinder, a chef’s dicer,
a set of silicon spatulas, and a $36 garlic press made of solid steel. I am in awe of
219Destination Poon
how fast shipment is in America, because stuff arrives in less than two days.
Linor had previously decided she would move to Miami, so after spending that week
of shopping together, I escort her down. That day, her dad informs me that I’m “about
to see what America really is!” He leaves home at ten in the morning and returns at
noon with a brand new Dodge Dart for Linor. The price is what truly shocks me. He
put up $2,000 up front and is going to pay $85 a month for two years leasing this car.
HOW CAN THIS COUNTRY BE SO CHEAP? I guess that’s why Americans are so
fat and why there are barely any pedestrian lanes: Nobody walks and everybody
eats so much crap all day — because both cars and food are so inexpensive.
Humans will follow the path of least resistance, even if it leads them to their tombs.
We drive to Miami the very next day. I decide to surprise my best American friend
Chris, who I had met in Laos a couple of years ago. He’s a tall, burly, blond man with
a passing resemblance to Kurt Cobain. I once lost him when tubing in Vang Vieng,
only to later find him in our wooden lodge, lying with his hands crossed behind his
head as a slutty American traveler gives him a blowjob. That’s when I declared him
my evil American twin. He’s also one of the coolest, most colorful, and most loyal
persons I’ve ever met. Being very down to earth and realistic, he’s a unique
snowflake on the travel trail, a trail surprisingly rich in negative, irrational, emotionally
blank psychos. And since he lives in Savannah, Georgia, it makes a lot of sense to
visit now that I’m so close. To amplify the rawest of emotions of our reunion, I make
this visit a complete surprise.
You see, a month earlier I knew of the possibility of going to America, so I asked him
for his home address in Savannah, promising to send him a package of something
surprising. And on our way to Miami from Myrtle Beach, we make a stopover by the
doorway at the address he gave me. When I knock, a cheerful blond woman opens
the door with a little suspicion, probably because my shirt is unbuttoned. I ask her if
she’s Chris’s mom. She nods positively. She looks remarkably similar to him. Same
facial features. Same blond hair and blue eyes. Same calm but upbeat demeanor.
Same everything really. To erase her suspicions, I tell her that I’m the Israeli friend
her son Chris had met in Laos a couple of years ago. And that I’m here to surprise
220Destination Poon
him. She becomes even more upbeat:
“OH MY GOD!!! CHRIS IS GONNA BE SO SHOCKED!!”
She invites me and Linor inside, and welcomes us with snacks and wild shrimp
caught in the river right by their house. Linor doesn’t touch the shrimp because it’s
disallowed by Judaism. She’s a better Jew than me. I munch on them like Dracula on
fresh blood. Chris’s mom then calls him, but since he runs his Free Savannah Tours,
he’s busy at the moment. She tells him to come home immediately when he’s done
because there’s a package from Reggie waiting for him. And it is then when a stroke
of Reggie Genius hits me:
“Linor! I’m going to hide when he comes. Prank him into thinking that you are the
package. Put on an Israeli accent and make him think that I sent him an Israeli wife.
It’s going to be hilarious!”
Linor looks a little shy but agrees. My blood no doubt runs through her veins. She
doesn’t have much time, though, because people are waiting for her in Miami. And
because Chris’s mom is playing along with us, she calls again in ten minutes to rush
Chris home:
“Honey, are you done? You have to come home right now.”
Chris mumbles something that sounds like a no, but she keeps on pushing him:
“No... no... you have to come immediately!”
There’s a pause in the air. Chris is talking, but his mom quickly maneuvers:
“Believe me, you want to see it right now. Before... before it expires. This package
has an expiration!”
He says that he’ll be done in forty minutes. So we just wait for him.
221Destination Poon
Forty-five minutes later, a rustle comes through the hallway. It’s him. I immediately
hide behind one of the thick columns of his parents’ house. This is going to be epic.
He comes in slowly but straightens up in surprise when he sees Linor sitting on a tall
stool right next to the fresh shrimp on the counter. He says:
“Whoaaahh... Hello!”
We have caught him off guard. Linor struggles to keep from laughing, putting up a
thick Israeli accent:
“Hi! I am Reggie’s cousin. He sent me from Israel to be your wife.”
Chris looks utterly surprised, but still keeps his playful demeanor and hugs her. This
motherfucker knows his way around the beautiful gender. Linor keeps going:
“He says I have to marry you.”
Chris laughs, but you can feel he’s totally mindfucked. How would you respond if you
went to your parents’ house and found a pretty Middle Eastern girl claiming she was
sent to you for marriage by your Israeli friend?
When I pop out from behind the column, a genuine smile widens on Chris’s red face.
I’m not sure whether it’s red because of the prank, or because he has just returned
from his tours. Both our hands then extend to the sides and we share a hugging
moment of true bro love. Five minutes later, he takes us on a private tour around the
river of Savannah. There are dolphins everywhere. How surreal is that?
An hour later, Chris gets a nervous phone call. Guess what? His mom just ran into
Linor’s new Dodge. She reversed from the parking spot and hit the side of the car.
Linor tries to keep a calm demeanor, but you can feel she’s agitated. And when she
later sees the substantial damage, she begins to panic. Chris and I just look at each
other and smile. No words are needed. It’s this unspoken understanding of men who
222Destination Poon
have seen the world and the true poverty of impoverished nations. Of two men
completely desensitized, indifferent to the follies and trifles of the West. I don’t mean
to sound arrogant — wait, maybe I do — but when you’ve seen poverty on a
massive scale, like in Cambodia for example, it’s hard to react emotionally to a
damaged car. Chris’s mom promises Linor her insurance will cover everything. We
soon calm her down and make our way to Miami with a damaged Dodge.
And that’s when the real fun begins.
We arrive in Miami and drive directly to the place Linor is going to rent. It’s a lavish,
luxurious, beautifully designed apartment right on the marina. Linor lets me share her
bed. Her flatmates are two religious Jewish girls, so she asks me not to be outside
her room in the mornings, when they’re walking around in pajamas. They’re also
abiding by Negiah, the Jewish law that forbids physical contact with non-family
members of the opposite sex. The next day, I discover what these two Jewish girls
look like. One of them is a delicious, sexy Colombian with massive boobs and Kim
Kardashian hips. I’ve never seen a Jew like that. The other is a pretty, tranquil girl
from Costa Rica with the eyes of a good future mom. At evening, I decide to test my
limits and initiate light physical contact — by sending my hands to their thighs — to
see if they recoil. They don’t. All rules soon fly out of the window when they begin to
wear shorts around me. And yes, it’s a big deal in Judaism. I LOVE MIAMI.
In just a few days, Chris drives all the way from Georgia and joins us in Miami for a
couple of days. We spend those days mainly watching the World Cup. When it’s my
birthday, we go to a Wild West-themed dance bar. I decide to test the limits with
American girls.
I begin the night by approaching one of the better looking girls in the club. She’s
perky, mocha-skinned, and shy, much like Linor when I think about it. Only with a
more Latin appeal. Her body is so densely packed and fruity it threatens to burst
through her clothing. I walk over with the cockiness of a drunk birthday boy and ask
her the first unfiltered question that springs to mind:
223Destination Poon
“Did you ever taste the forbidden fruit of circumcision?”
She smiles. I’m in.
We talk for about ten minutes and I discover she’s from the Dominican Republic. I
ask her if she’s black or Latina. She looks confused. Chris bursts out laughing. Fuck,
Americans are really sensitive about this color thing. Come on, people! Embrace
racial variety. The world would be such a boring place if everyone were the same. I
can’t remember exactly how this interaction ended, but I do remember she backed
off. Chris says she wanted me bad, but was afraid when I told her she needs to lose
some pounds if she wants to join my harem in Israel. But how baffling, she had no
extra fat at all. I suppose all girls have issues with their bodies, no matter how good
looking they are.
I then stride along the bar and talk to another girl. A real black one this time. I begin
to extoll the virtues of black people and tell her that my journey to America has made
me fall in love with her Negroid kin. She looks baffled. I tell her that I find their
behavior more raw, more primal, more real, and more relieved of pretenses. She
now smiles. She loves the depth of my wisdom. I am soon cockblocked by a massive
Shaquille O’Neal of a boyfriend that looms menacingly in front of me. I am in fear. I
leave.
Still in my typical boisterous, gregarious mood, I soon notice a sexy cougar landing
her eyes on me and smiling like a slutty vicious feline. I know what this smile means,
so I approach to observe the front of the merchandise. It’s better than I expected. I
begin to talk:
“Wanna get married?”
“Uhh... what?”
“DO YOU WANT TO GET MARRIED?
224Destination Poon
“Hmmm... not now.”
“WAKE UP, YOU’RE GETTING OLD.”
She stares in disbelief. For sure, people never appreciate advice they’re not looking
for, but she just might owe me her life one day. Would you prefer me to be nice and
tell you a lie just so you feel good about yourself? Or would you be better off if I told
you the brutal truth? Which would help you make better decisions for the future?
People can’t recognize a problem if everyone around tries to whitewash it. Young
ladies, highlight this section so you can read it again every day:
Your quality as a mate starts to decline after you hit your mid-twenties. You gradually
become less attractive, and your eggs less and less fertile. If you want to maximize
your chances of attracting a quality husband, strive to marry young. Oh, and don’t
get drunk and fat. No matter what you’ve heard before, prince charming doesn’t
marry an old, whorish land whale. Especially not one who drowns her sorrows in
weekend doses of Vodka Red Bull.
Traveling to America has been an eye opening experience. So many fatties and sluts
shamelessly parading their promiscuity and blubber. So many delusional equalists
accepting this grotesqueness. Mark my words, it’s only a matter of time before this
Dark Age collapses. When you fuck with Nature, your defeat is inevitable.
We soon call it a night. My attempts to score American pussy have come up dry. We
all leave the bar and go get some food somewhere. We end up in some Mexican
eatery, where Chris flirts with the cashier so she gives us high priority. It always
amazes me how receptive black girls are to Chris’s playfulness. If he ever runs for
president, he’ll entice the whole black female population of America to his side with
the turn of a simple sentence.
The waitress soon comes with our food. At first, it looks like three innocent plates.
But when Linor, Chris, and I take our first bites, we discover the most disgusting fast
food any of us has ever tried. It’s so disgusting it could be one of the missions in
225Destination Poon
Fear Factor. It’s so disgusting homeless people would toss it back at your face. But
we’re so incredibly starving that we still take a few bites before leaving.
We drive back to Linor’s apartment. I sleep next to Chris in his jeep, because Linor is
sure the two Jewish girls would never accept a goy man in their apartment. And I’m
not going to let Chris sleep alone in his car after driving all this way. Friendship is
everything.
In the morning, we are woken by the sun hitting our heads like a brick through the
windows of the jeep. And it is immediately apparent that there’s an urgent issue to
resolve. It’s the bullshit Mexican food. I storm up to Linor’s apartment, closet myself
in the bathroom, and take a massive dump. When I return, Chris is flirting with the
black receptionist in Linor’s lavish building. He ends up using the toilet in the lobby,
returning fifteen minutes later with a big expression of relief on his face. He informs
me that:
“Miami is destroyed.”
An hour later, we both go to the property’s pool to chill out. An incoming phone call
soon emerges on Chris’s phone. It’s Linor:
“OH MY GOD GUYS, DO YOU FEEL YOUR STOMACH? IT MUST BE THE FOOD
FROM YESTERDAY!”
She also says the black receptionist had called earlier and asked why we were
sleeping in the car. But how can we explain to that lady the delicate dynamics of
Judaism? That we can’t put Chris together with the religious Jewish girls? Anyway,
we all gather ourselves and go to watch Colombia versus Greece in a bar.
226Destination Poon
It’s Saturday, and after the match we continue to KSpace, the central place of the
young Jewish community of Miami. Every Shabbat (Saturday), they hold a gathering
where Jews congregate to strengthen the bond, give prayers, and enjoy Kosher
food. I decide it’s going to be a great experience for Chris...
If we can get him in.
You see, it’s not generally accepted to bring goys to sacred Jewish events like the
Shabbat. It’s in our tradition and values not to mix with non-Jews. And while many
would consider this racist, I actually believe it’s one of the primary factors for the
prosperity of the Jews despite the constant threats and occasional genocide. When
you tighten up your tribe and keep access limited, you increase trust and
cooperation. Like a big mastermind group. But there’s no way I’m leaving Chris out.
He’s our friend. So a lightbulb goes off and we come up with a decent plan:
“Chris, your name is Joseph Silverberg and you’re a rich lawyer from Savannah. Act
227Destination Poon
accordingly, put a yarmulke on your head, and NEVER touch any of the girls there,
you hear me? And since you Americans are circumcised too, I’m not worried if some
Jew pees next to you and gets a glimpse of your dick.”
Ladies and gentlemen, we have a plan.
We all enter KSpace and Rabbi Yossi, one of the funniest and nicest guys I’ve ever
met, greets us with a big hug. I introduce Chris by telling everyone to meet my good
friend Joseph Silverberg, the lawyer from Savannah. Rabbi Yossi immediately
narrows his eyes in suspicion. It’s incredible. Like he’s developed this highly-tuned
Jewdar, calibrated over years of sniffing out the presence of goys. You see, Chris
looks more like a Nordic god than a Jew. More like a rock star than a Jew. More like
anything than a Jew. He’s a tower of a human being, built like a Mongol warrior, only
with blond hair and a pair of azure eyes. Still, Rabbi Yossi gives him the benefit of
the doubt.
Once everybody sits down at the table, Rabbi Yossi’s wife brings a few hot pots of
her delicious homemade stew. Though the aroma of sweet sauce and fine salt is
highly tempting, we hold back until Rabbi Yossi is done with the prayers and
philosophical lectures about life. I glance briefly at Chris and become amused. He
looks like a penguin in a jungle. Completely out of place. Rabbi Yossi then urges me
to say something. I turn my chair to face the crowd and inform everyone that I’ve
been to forty countries but that I’ve never seen a more united community than the
Jews. And I mean it. Everybody applauds because their own sense of identity is
reinforced by my words.
A funny thing then happens. Rabbi Yossi’s young son runs up to us and informs
everyone that Argentina has just scored a goal in the World Cup. Rabbi Yossi cheers
in excitement. He’s Argentinian. Apparently, he designated the role of checking World
Cup scores to his young kid, who gets his information from an employee in a nearby
non-Jewish restaurant. In Shabbat, it’s prohibited to watch TV or use anything that
runs on fire. I ask the rabbi:
228Destination Poon
“Do you think it’s ethical to let someone else do what you regard as unethical?”
He just laughs and shrugs. I continue:
“You know, there’s no fire in electricity except for the spark, and you can eliminate it if
you use a condenser across the switch. It’s 100% Jewproof!”
I learned that from the renowned physicist Richard Feynman. But Rabbi Yossi isn’t
convinced.
Soon enough, all the young Jewish girls gather around Chris on the table. They
seem excited to have such handsome and unusual Jewish merchandise on offer.
One of the older guys takes me to the corner because he feels the presence of my
enigmatic friend to be a corruptive violation of this private, sacred sanctuary:
“Is your friend really Jewish? I don’t want him close to the girls if he’s not.”
Rabbi Yossi immediately comes and asks me the same question, because he isn’t
sure Chris can complete the Minyan, the quorum of ten Jewish male adults required
for religious obligations. Obligations, like the prayer we have to give now. But Rabbi
Yossi is such a nice, inherently good person that I can’t bring myself to lie so
blatantly. So I come up with the whitest of white lies:
“His father is Jewish, I’m not sure about his mom.”
This is a smart move. A person is Jewish only if he was born to a Jewish mom. So
it’s probably good enough for Chris to stay here, being “half Jewish,” but not for him
to participate in the Minyan and desecrate the Shabbat.
All the real male Jews go to pray and Chris is left alone at the table... WITH ALL
THE JEWISH GIRLS. Remember that guy who took me aside to ask if Chris was
really Jewish? He now winces in discomfort at the sight of this bizarre spectacle, of
this towering blond goy flirting with the young Mexican, Argentinian and Colombian
229Destination Poon
Jewish girls. But he can’t do anything, because it’s the middle of the prayer and you
can’t leave. It was hysterical. In a matter of minutes, something else very unexpected
happens.
FUCK.
There’s a very tangible discomfort in my rectum. I feel a blast of shock barreling
through my gut. I hadn’t shit out all the fast food yet! Holy shitballs. THIS CAN NOT
BE HAPPENING RIGHT NOW. I immediately prod Rabbi Yossi’s elbow and whisper
to him:
“RABBI YOSSI! RABBI YOSSI!”
He moves his head in my direction, looking confused.
“I MUST GO TO THE TOILET!”
Rabbi Yossi asks me to stay because I am the tenth of the Minyan, and they aren’t
allowed to do the prayer with nine men only. I tell him it’s very “SERIOUS!” but he
promises the prayer is going to be over in ten minutes. FUCK. Perhaps I should have
lied and said Chris was a full Jew, so he could be the tenth man. I try hard to remain
still and clench my ass cheeks as strong as I can. But the blast wave hits my gut
again.
OH MY GOD.
This cheap Mexican food is going to kill me. I whisper to Rabbi Yossi that I REALLY
need to go to the toilet. This time, it seems that he truly understands how urgent it is.
He gives me the Rabbi’s permission under Pikuach Nefesh, the principle in Jewish
law where the preservation of human life overrides virtually any other religious
consideration. And my life is clearly endangered here.
After his permission, I immediately begin to scuttle my way to the toilet with the short
230Destination Poon
steps of a penguin, squeezing my butt cheeks tightly. My urgency is so intense that
when I reach the door, I bash it open as if there’s a terrorist inside to neutralize. It’s a
tiny toilet room. I step inside, immediately bring my pants down even while the door
is still ajar, and then plant my ass on the toilet seat. Count exactly three seconds.
3...
2...
1...
BVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTT
TTTTT!
I shit the full contents of my guts, of my rectum, of the essence of my soul, right into
this Jewish toilet. I shit so much and so fiercely that five minutes later, I am all sweat
from head to toe. I then begin to wipe my ass clean with toilet paper. I use so much I
must be personally responsible for massive deforestation. I throw the paper inside
the toilet, figuring Miami is light years ahead in infrastructure than Guatemala. No
chance of clogging here, right?
WRONG.
As I flush the toilet, there’s the choking sound of clogging. The water level then rises
high and I am left there in an almost surreal expression of shock and disbelief.
FUCK. God clearly hates me for bringing a goy to Shabbat. I begin to scrutinize this
toilet room, looking for a plunger to shove the mess down. But there’s nothing. It’s a
tiny room with nothing but the toilet itself and a tiny trash bin. There’s also a synthetic
beige rug on the floor.
WHAT THE FUCK DO I DO?
I just stand there, patiently waiting for the water level to drop a little. I want this
231Destination Poon
mixture of shit and paper to dissipate enough so that I can flush again and suck it all
down. Had I flushed right away, there would be too much water and the solid mess
would overflow. Like everything in life, there’s a delicate balance to keep. So only
five minutes later, when the water level looks safe enough, I decide to give it another
flush. And it is then when my face freezes in shock: Not only is the toilet still clogged,
but there’s now double the amount of water.
THIS IS NOT LOOKING GOOD.
What am I going to do? Act responsibly and ask for help before the place becomes a
mess? If you think so, then your expectations of me are too high. Instead, I wait five
more minutes and again try to flush it all down.
OH. MY. GOODNESS.
The water level is now so high it touches the white plastic of the lid. On top, there’s a
brown mixture of shit and paper floating. It looks and smells like sewage. And did I
already say there’s no plunger around? Now, you’re probably thinking I learned my
lesson and stopped this repetitive, futile series of flushes. Einstein would call another
attempt madness, of trying the same thing over and over again and expecting
different results.
Then I must be mad. You see, at that point, I figure the water volume and pressure
must be so high above the clog that one last flush will be the straw to break the
camel’s back. So I flush it again and hope for the best.
BIG MISTAKE.
Right after I give the fourth flush, the sewage-like mixture of shit and paper begins to
overflow, painting the floor with a brown, watery layer of disgustingness. I
immediately take a step back toward the door, because the room is so tiny I don’t
want this repulsive pool of brownness to touch my feet. I grab the beige rug, roll it
into the form of a pastry, and shove it into the thin space between the door and the
232Destination Poon
floor. I hope that’s going to prevent this muddy ocean of shit from flowing out into the
common area of KSpace. But it’s a lost cause.
Now, words can’t do justice to what happens next. Words can’t do justice to the
magnitude of disaster that took place on this Jewish afternoon in Miami’s KSpace.
As I stand there in my pile of repellence and try to come up with a solution —
completely sure the rug is sealing the small space under the door — I then hear
footsteps running to the toilet’s direction. FUCK. A second or two later, someone
begins to pound the door like a maniac:
“OH MY GOD!!! WHAT’S HAPPENING THERE? OPEN THE DOOR!!! OPEN THE
DOOR NOW!!!”
I yell back:
“Everything’s under control.”
Ah, who am I fucking kidding? His voice then becomes more urgent and his
pounding stronger:
“OPEN THE DOOOOOOOOOR!!! OPEN IT RIGHT NOW! IT’S ALL FLOODED
HERE!!!”
Holy crap. Preparing for the worst, I open the door.
OH.
MY.
GOD.
Apparently, the rug wasn’t enough to seal the door completely, so my repugnant pile
of shitty mud managed to leak to the outside, creating a large pool of revulsion in the
233Destination Poon
hallway. PoundingGuy, who’s the same guy who doesn’t want Chris to be near the
girls, stands right in front of me now, holding his mouth in complete terror as he
glances inside the bathroom. He immediately calls for reinforcements:
“OH MY GOD, EVERYBODY COME OVER HERE NOW!”
The next scene is almost surreal. Almost every Jewish man and every Jewish
woman in KSpace rushes to the toilet, including Rabbi Yossi and his wife. They all
freeze in shock and trauma when they see the disaster unraveling before their eyes,
a large pool of water, diarrhea, and paper floating all over the hallway and into
KSpace’s common area. The next thing I hear is a strong battle shout:
“MOVE OUT OF THE WAY!”
It’s again PoundingGuy. He takes the initiative and begins to direct the whole Minyan
group to go gather tools to fix the situation. It’s quite amazing. They all move like an
orchestra of well-organized ants. A minute later, everyone returns with a different
item. One guy salvages a pile of thick paper towels from the kitchen. One woman
returns with floor wipers. But the star of this operation is the guy who found a plunger
in a nearby restaurant. Rabbi Yossi’s wife then begins to spread the squares of
paper towel on the wet floor tiles. She does it with such precision it’s as if she’s
constructing a large Disney puzzle on the floor. Everyone now begins to wipe the
floor. Rabbi Yossi and PoundingGuy go directly to the source of atrocity and begin to
fix it with the plunger. I still have no idea how they both managed to fit in there. I try
to get inside to help, but PoundingGuy stops me:
“NO! STAY OUT OF IT!”
It’s like he’s afraid I’m going to make the situation worse. I take a look at Chris, Linor,
and the bunch of young Jewish girls at the table. They’re all laughing
HYSTERICALLY. Feeling guilty, I try to suppress my laughter, but I just can’t. It’s just
too fucking hilarious, and I immediately explode in laughter. I laugh so much, and so
hard, that if what they say is true — that “each laugh adds five minutes to your life”
234Destination Poon
— I must have just given myself an extra year. This afternoon in KSpace will forever
be engraved in my memory, a fossil of special times.
Feeling bad, I later tell Rabbi Yossi to contact me when he and his wife come to visit
Israel. They’re going the next month, and I tell him he can come over for a meal and
clog my toilet so we’re equal. But I never heard from them again. What can I say?
The Jewish community of Miami opened its heart and doors for me, but I ended up
clogging both.
235Destination Poon
Mom, Can I Have Sex with Reggie?
If one advances confidently in the direction of his dreams, and endeavors to live the
life which he has imagined, he will meet with a success unexpected in common
hours. (Henry David Thoreau)
It takes skill to pick up a girl who travels with her mom in a foreign country. It takes
even more skill to bang her the same day you meet her. But it takes a whole different
level of artistry to do all that when the girl is a sweet nurse by trade, and when her
mom is... blind. You see, sluts won’t blink an eye before leaving a blind mom behind
for your cock. But persuading a nurturing nurse to do that? Good luck.
This all begins when I take a tour to the war fields in Vietnam. The tour van comes
early in the morning to pick me up with two Scottish girls I had met on the travel trail.
They sit next to each other while I occupy an empty pair of seats next to the window.
There are now two remaining seats, one next to me and another in the back. We
have two more persons to pick up. To understand the dynamics of this story, it’s
important to remember the seat distribution.
After a long drive on a sinuous road, the van screeches to a stop. We’re now at the
entrance to a fancy Marriott hotel. When the van’s door is flipped open, we see them
for the first time. Two women, one middle-aged and the other in her early twenties.
Upon quick inspection, it’s immediately clear that the older one has vision issues and
that the younger one is her sweet daughter, the precious fruit of her womb. She’s
taking care of her mother in this lovely way emotionally sound adults treat their
parents when they get older. Translation: This was no broken slut. Also, I feel like I
have to give you a proper description of the exquisite beauty of this young girl:
She has profoundly white skin the color of fresh snow. The shade of her hair is quite
unique. It’s red, but not the conspicuous orange that comes with a mass of freckles.
It’s more of a passionate shadow of apricot. And what really steals the show is her
ethereal, divine eyes. She has the kind of eyes that when you look at them, you feel
as if you’re diving deep into a different realm, intensely removed and locked away
236Destination Poon
from the real world. They’re the color of an amber gem-stone mixed with passion
fruit. I have never even known this eye color exists. And her body? Angelic. Gentle.
Delicate. Feminine. She’s like a model wrapped in an innocent, divine, reserved
package.
Translation to common language: SHE’S FUCKING HOT.
Mother Fortuna clearly loves me today, because when the two of them get into the
van, the driver ushers the daughter to sit right next to me. Now, I wish I could brag
and tell you how I instantly swept her off her feet with my talented tongue, but even
Reggie sometimes get caught off guard. Even Reggie sometimes get overwhelmed
by anxiety. Fuck it, gotta take some risks! Ten minutes later, I go in and drop my
favorite travel line:
“Let me guess: Australia.”
It’s an easy guess, really, because I heard her speaking with her mom. This accent
can’t be mistaken. And what’s her reaction? She responds by smiling, opening her
eyes in excitement, and tilting her whole body to face me. She was waiting for me to
talk to her. I’m in, big time.
We begin to talk about random crap. Coming from the Israeli Field Intelligence, I
listen to her words and collect as much info as I can to wisely determine my course
of action. She is a nurse from Australia. Professions are a reliable marker of
personality, so I conclude she has strong, healthy maternal instincts. I’m not
surprised she’s here taking care of her blind mom. I also conclude that I have to play
it less asshole-ish than with the average female traveler. Unlike sluts, healthy girls
seek more emotional security. My last conclusion is that I really want to bang an
Australian saint, and that nothing in the world — not even a blind mom — can stop
me.
When we reach our destination, everyone hops off and we’re soon led by a
Vietnamese guide who shows us around. I am especially impressed by the complex
237Destination Poon
simplicity, or perhaps simple complexity, of the traps the Vietcong laid for American
soldiers. There’s this one trap that is hidden under leaves, and when a soldier steps
on it, his weight makes two bamboo sticks rotate, roll him down, and pierce him to
death with sharp spikes. There’s another trap set above doors, and when a soldier
opens the door, the trap swings downs and pierces him to death with metal spikes.
It’s constructed of two parts connected to each other, so that when he instinctively
raises his elbow to counter it, he only blocks the upper part, bouncing the lower
spikes right into his face from under the elbow. I now decide to fear Vietnamese
people and be grateful for having to deal with just Hamas and Hezbollah.
Five English travelers from another tour group pay to shoot cardboard targets with
M16s. It makes me shed a few tears when I hear the sound of gun shots. It reminds
me of home. The tears stop when I realize that their reality is much worse. Yes, in
Israel we may live under constant threat, but there’s a very positive side effect to it:
Increased social cohesion.
When a small nation unites against an enemy, everybody takes care of each other,
family bonds are tighter, and there’s less child neglect, so more kids grow up into
emotionally sound adults. This means there are less self-loathing individuals to push
society into a dangerous loop of psychologically defective socialist agendas, less
crazy feminists to run away from their confusing desire to have a strong husband
and raise kids, and less male misfits to obey the false egalitarian pique. When
women are men, and men are women, societies collapse. Breaking this asymmetry
makes both sexes repulse each other, and as a result birth rates decrease. This is
what’s happening in Western Europe right now. But fuck all this, I have an Australian
nurse to charm.
When the tour is over, we all head back to our van. I again begin to talk to
AustralianNurse, this time in an attempt to build some affinity. We’re going to be back
in less than an hour, and I want to create a bond with her so that I can get her to
come with me — no idea where — when we get back. So while still in the van, I
throw a tease:
238Destination Poon
“You’re way too innocent for me.”
She smiles and gets on the defensive:
“I have a naughty side!”
Ha! Hearing this innocent creature saying that makes me laugh. I suppose some
girls enjoy being delusional. I catch a glimpse of the two Scottish girls chuckling
between themselves in the pair of seats next to us. It’s the laughter of jealousy. Of
AustralianNurse’s emotional response to my words. I smile and tell her:
“Come join me for a drink and prove it.”
Behold the toughest organic cockblock ever faced on Earth:
“I’d love to... but I really can’t. My mom... she can barely see. I really can’t leave her
alone.”
CRAP.
But is a blind mom strong enough of an obstacle to deter Reggie from the hunt for
poon? Like a savvy salesman, I go full throttle:
“She must be able to handle a few hours by herself.”
AustralianNurse isn’t convinced:
“Ahhh... she’ll get lost, she can’t see anything but shadows...”
The van slowly approaches the city and begins to drop some of the tour passengers
off. Time is running out. This amber poon is about to be snatched away. Hurry up,
Reggie:
239Destination Poon
“There’s plenty of people to help in the hotel if she needs anything.”
She looks helpless. As if she’s immersed in a grueling inner battle: Do I leave my
mom and go with Reggie? I decide to aid her decision by cupping my palm on hers,
adding more warmth and care to this make-or-break moment:
“You’ll be back before she knows it.”
My touch seems to do the magic, because she nods in agreement. Hilarity
immediately ensues when AustralianNurse turns around in her seat to face and
speak to her mom in the back:
“Mom, can I go out with Reggie tonight?”
It’s hilarious, because she says it in a silent pocket of time when nobody in the van is
talking. Know those awkward moments when you blurt something out and suddenly
everyone’s eyes are on you? It was one of those. And she says it in such a sweet,
innocent voice it sounds like she’s asking her mom to bake a chocolate cake tonight.
Everyone is staring at her now, including the two Scottish girls, who are giggling in
their seats. They later told me it sounded as if she was asking her mom, and I quote:
“Mom, can I have sex with Reggie?”
After a weighty, uncomfortable pause, her mom responds in the only way she really
can. Her blind eyes wander in vagueness, and she says:
“Sure.”
Reggie the Salesman. Reggie the Blinding Force of Charm.
I then decide to go from verbose to terse and shut the fuck up until we’re back. This
is because her decision is fragile, and now that she’s decided to buy, anything I say
can only break the sale. The only thing I do is look in her eyes from time to time, in
240Destination Poon
order to keep the sexual tension alive.
The van soon screeches to a stop at AustralianNurse’s Marriott hotel. I tell her to
meet me at the entrance in half an hour. She takes her mom up to their fancy room,
and I go back to my place to take a shower and rid myself of the smell of dirt and
gunpowder. My room costs only $12 a night, but it’s quite lavish. Hot, steamy water
twenty-four hours a day, and the kind of elegance and cleanliness that are rare in
Southeast Asian hostels. It’s the perfect balance between a hotel and a hostel.
Welcoming and social like a hostel, but still elegant and private like a hotel. This
room will soon witness AustralianNurse’s naked body. Hopefully.
I enjoy the hot, steamy shower so much that I lose track of time. I take a glance at
the clock and notice it’s already half an hour later. I quickly dress, scuttle downstairs,
and catch a taxi to the Marriott. AustralianNurse is there, waiting outside. Only this
time she is five times sexier. She took a good shower herself and is now dressed in a
white shirt, revealing a youthful pair of pointy boobs. She’s also wearing a ballerina-
like dress that hangs nicely over her silky legs. I walk toward her and smile. She
smiles back, with a perfect Colgate smile. Her amber eyes shine in the lights
overhead. I decide to love Australians and forgive them for the strange accent.
I rest my hand on the erogenous area of AustralianNurse’s lower back and begin to
lead her on our nighttime adventure. We go on a walk, weaving through the street
lights and alleys of Hoh Chi Minh city. We must be having a good time, because in
no time we find ourselves out of sight of the tremendous Marriott hotel. As we walk, I
urge us to the left at one point, for no other reason than adventure and curiosity.
However, this move takes us into a street so dark and abandoned it feels like a
Freddie Krueger movie. I embrace AustralianNurse so that she feels safe. We walk
for a few minutes and a motorbike flies past us, snatching the scarf from my hand,
missing my Olympus camera by just a few inches. Leh-hew-zee-hur! We keep
walking for another fifteen minutes, and bits of reality flash by. Poor homeless bums
lying in dark corners. An arm clutching a wrapped piece of food. Bare feet
everywhere. It’s a good reminder to be grateful for what we have.
241Destination Poon
After a while of walking in this dodgy area, it feels as if the mutual glue of watching
each other’s backs has bonded us further. I decide to take AustralianNurse to a park,
five minutes away from where I am staying. Yes, it’s all been planned. Once in the
park, I yank her dominantly, resting her on my lap as I sit on a bench. I try to break
down her shyness by sending my hands to the silky expanses of her back. It works
like a charm, and we begin to make out. I cup my hands on her young, firm breasts
and tease her:
“I feel bad for ruining such an innocent girl like you.”
She again goes on the playful defensive:
“I can be very, very dirty!”
Always keep the sexual tension on. Always keep her on the defensive. Always keep
her a little embarrassed. In other words, always keep yourself on the dominant side.
This is how you get the prime pussy.
After making out for a while, I lead AustralianNurse into an empty local bar. I decide
to lubricate my efforts by sharing a large margarita with her. This seems to bond us
further, and the high alcohol content inspires us to get up and slow dance in the
middle of the empty bar. We sway from side to side, even though the music doesn’t
fit.
Margarita: The Elixir of Sex.
After our little dance, I take AustralianNurse for a walk outside. My place is a minute
away. Remember, it’s all been planned. There are two Vietnamese ladyboys
(transgender women) outside catcalling me:
“Hey handsome, come here!”
I smile and point to AustralianNurse’s juicy butt:
242Destination Poon
“CAN YOU BEAT THAT?”
She smiles in appreciation. The ladyboys smile in defeat. Their battle was lost before
it even began. But in AustralianNurse’s smile, I also feel a sense of hesitation. And I
am right. She says:
“I really must go back... I’m so worried for my mom.”
“Come on, she must be sleeping by now.”
AustralianNurse shrugs. I pull her toward me and begin to lead us in the direction of
my place. She doesn’t recoil. For women, a badboy’s cock is always stronger than
reason. When we reach my place a minute later, I unbolt the door, and the
receptionist gives me a look of envious contempt. Seeing me with this hot tourist, his
look must be a projection of his hatred for the jocks who flipped his lunch tray in
school. Whatever, dude.
I rest my arm on AustralianNurse’s curvy hips and lead her to my fancy room
upstairs. No words are needed. She will tonight submit to the traveler she met only a
couple of hours ago. I unlock the room and let us in, closing the door and switching
the lights off before any word is said. I then shove AustralianNurse onto the bed, and
she’s so delicate she flies onto the sheets. Now she’s just lying there, looking up at
me like a submissive little fawn. I smile and push my pants and undies down
together. My erection is now facing her. She looks at it. I jump on her like a savage
beast. We begin to make out passionately. Her poon is freshly, fully shaven. She
must have done it while showering before going out. Five minutes later, I am on top
and inside of her, thrusting back and forth to the sounds of her deep moans. Deep
moans that very quickly turn bestial and feral. I am in shock. She goes nuts, riding
me like a wild cowgirl, sucking my dick like a champion. How can it be? How could
such an innocent white dove metamorphose into a fiery phoenix so rapidly?
An hour later, in our post-coital stupor and sweat, AustralianNurse decides it’s time to
243Destination Poon
get back to her more important duty:
“I really have to go back to my mom.. I’m really worried.”
I let her go. I am no longer horny. She kisses and hugs me goodbye, asking for my
Facebook account so that we can keep contact if I ever come to Australia. She
leaves, and I fall asleep almost immediately. It’s the calm serenity that fills your body
after having sex. But only a few minutes later, I am woken up by something
unexpected.
KNOCK KNOCK KNOCK!
Who the fuck is this? Who dares wake me up from my bubble of tranquility? Is this
the frustrated receptionist? I don’t care and cover my head with a pillow.
KNOCK KNOCK KNOCK!
“PLEASE OPEN THE DOOR, REGGIE!”
KNOCK KNOCK KNOCK!
It’s a female voice. It’s... AustralianNurse again! I drag myself out of bed and open
the door. She says:
“OH MY GOD, THE FRONT DOOR IS LOCKED!! THERE’S NO ONE THERE!!
AHHHHHH MY MOM IS GOING TO BE SO WORRIED!!!”
I look at her and laugh, because I can’t help but imagine her mom wandering around
the big Marriott hotel like a confused zombie, bumping into staff and people who
can’t understand a word of her Australian accent.
“Can I stay here until morning?”
244Destination Poon
Obviously, I let her stay. I’m not French. I am even happy for it. You see, the novelty
of fucking a new girl always makes me “fall in love” with her. And though I fall out of
love just as quickly the next day, I’ll take cuddling with a sweet girl over sleeping
alone any day. AustralianNurse then clambers onto the bed and rests her head on
my shoulder, her right hand on my hairy chest, and one of her legs against mine. I
feel like James Bond.
When morning comes, AustralianNurse kisses me goodbye again and leaves. I think
she whispered something romantic in my ear, but I can’t remember a word because I
was half asleep. When I wake up, a Facebook message awaits me. The amber eyes
on her profile picture pierce my soul through the monitor. I read:
“Reggie!!!! Thank you for an amazing night. I wish I could stay for more! I would
really love to have another round or two right now :)”
I remember reading this in such bewilderment. How could a girl so reticent and
sweet turn into such a voracious beast in bed? It’s quite baffling when you aren’t
used to it. But over the following years, life has taught me what has become one of
the guiding maxims of my life, which I will end this chapter with:
The more innocent she looks, the more likely she is to abandon her blind mom
behind for swallowing your cum.
245Destination Poon
Bang Her Till She Vomits
The gladdest moment in human life, methinks, is a departure into unknown lands.
The blood flows with the fast circulation of childhood. (Sir Richard Burton)
I’ll never forget my first day in Southeast Asia.
I arrive early in Bangkok and immediately go to look for accommodation in the
famous Khao San Road. It’s a new experience — all those smells, bright colors, and
throngs of drunk backpackers. Eventually, I end up booking a room in a small motel
with a big wooden patio and a receptionist that looks like an aging Thai prostitute.
Right in that patio, I’m also having my first Thai meal — a savory plate of egg
noodles, steamed vegetables, and a bowl of banana, papaya, and watermelon. But
by the time this amazing food is served, I discover the true source of deliciousness in
this place. It isn’t the food:
She’s right there in the patio, sitting three tables away from me. Her luxurious blond
hair flows down her shoulders, her blue eyes blossom and light up the entire patio. I
immediately avert my gaze downwards and discover a pair of perky tits hanging
loose under her shirt. This is one fine specimen of a woman. Know the high you get
when you’re in the first day of a new trip? That sense of unencumbered novelty?
This is exactly how I feel, and that feeling inspires the deep, haunting voice of a
player in my head to push for the conquest. I am so intensely ablaze with lust and
libido I can almost feel the heat of attraction emanating from her body. The only
issue?
She’s there with another man.
How am I going to pull this off? As always, I don’t exactly know, but I do inherently
believe it’s somehow going to work out just fine. And It does. Because when the guy
speaks, his accent is so visibly Israeli it almost feels as if I’ve never left home. So I
then emerge right between them and capitalize on the opportunity, asking him if he’s
246Destination Poon
from Israel. He nods and looks uncomfortable, like he’s terrified of the new hungry
hound about to hunt his prey. It’s funny, because he’s twice as muscular as me, yet
the fear of loss glows like fire in his eyes. Mark Twain was right: It’s not the size of
the dog in the fight, it’s the size of the fight in the dog.
As I talk to the guy, I gradually begin to steer my attention toward the girl as she
giggles at my jokes and asks me questions. She’s attracted to me. After just a few
minutes, the poor guy gets off his chair and scuttles away — don’t ask me why,
perhaps he feels that he stands no chance — leaving me with both his empty seat
and the blond reward. I feel like a lion. I don’t feel much sympathy for him, or for any
man who shies away from temporary discomfort. You deserve as much respect as
you demand from people. Had he stood up for himself, I’d have surely left. It’s not
like I’m going to fight someone for new pussy. And the blond girl? Seems like she
enjoys the rush of the power struggle. As if it’s a kind of personal victory for her to
now be in the presence of a psychologically stronger male. As if I make her feel
better about herself. In a strange way, I am doing God’s work.
As we talk, she tells me she’s from England. But there’s something about her that I
can’t quite put a finger on. Like there’s some trouble lurking in the darkest chambers
of her soul. I try to fish it out, and she soon tells me what it is:
“I have just returned from two days in Vietnam. I fled back to Thailand after some
local tried to rape me.”
“Are you serious?”
“Yeah, but I resisted and managed to escape before he did anything.”
I figure Vietnamese rapists must have good taste in women. I also admire her grit.
After I’m done eating, I take HotEnglish to stroll around the Khao San Road and
enjoy the city. And I am in such a high dopamine rush from winning her over that I
decide to funnel this excitement into trying exotic things. Like fried insects from street
vendors. HotEnglish seems to hesitate at first, but this isn’t enough to dissuade me:
247Destination Poon
“C’mon, you escaped from a Vietnamese rapist, surely you’re strong enough for
this!”
She swallows (!) the bait. I am Reggie the Salesman, nice to meet you too. I pay the
vendor for two deep fried bugs and hand her one. She looks at me in terror. I look
back at her in amusement. We both put the insects in our mouths and chew. The
flavor surprises me, because it doesn’t taste anything like I ever imagined. It just
tastes... deep fried. I suppose all deep fried things taste like spoiled oil. I continue to
feed HotEnglish fried insects and hand her some kind of a brown cockroach. I clutch
it by it’s thin antennae as the wind swings it back and forth in the air:
“Try this!”
She again responds in hesitation. But she must be trying to please me, because she
puts it in her mouth and begins to chew, making a clicking sound as she grinds the
insect with her teeth. Her nostrils flare, and she grimaces in disgust. English girls are
cooler than I thought.
I continue the frenzy of insects and then point to a large deep-fried grasshopper. The
Thai vendor picks it up with her chopsticks and hand it over to us. Thirty seconds
later, it’s on its way to be decomposed by HotEnglish’s bile acids. It is now official:
HotEnglish successfully passed Reggie’s Cool-Enough-to-Hang-Out-With test.
We walk further down Khao San Road, enjoying the contrast that this place offers.
Drunk backpackers with huge buckets of alcohol, street vendors with traditional Thai
food, there’s even a bald monk in an orange robe on the street across from us,
messing with his iPhone. I stop every now and then to try and communicate with tuk-
tuk drivers with the only Thai words I know: Thai boxing moves. I tell one driver,
“Batha Loob Pak.” He looks at me in confusion. I forgot it means “foot touching face”,
a sign of disrespect in the Buddhist culture. I walk away.
About an hour later, when my hornymeter begins to simmer, I take HotEnglish back
248Destination Poon
to our motel. This is the best part of this seduction: I don’t have to come up with a sly
way to get her back to my place, because we’re already staying at the same place!
There’s a little awkward moment of silence when we climb the stairs to the second
floor where my private room is. I relish this silence, because it’s a nice opportunity to
allow our sexual tension to peak. When we reach my floor, I take two steps to the left
until I stand right next to my door. I look back at HotEnglish, who’s still standing at
the stairs. Her room is on the third floor, but she just stands in pregnant silence and
looks at me. Her only words:
“Uhhhm... see you tomorrow?”
I smile:
“Good night!”
Take note, gentlemen. This is one of my favorite moves in action. Give her a feeling
of disappointment — some fear of loss — before you unleash your confident allure.
Push and pull. This will boost your value in her eyes. Persuasion is the same,
whether you write a sales copy or seduce a girl. I wait until she continues to the third
floor, and I then sneak up behind her, yanking her toward me as I smile and say:
“Where do you think you’re going?”
She smiles back. There’s a flicker of excitement in her eyes. She knows it. I know it.
We both know it. There will be sex tonight.
She’s soon inside my room, and it takes less than a minute until our hands begin to
seize each other’s flesh in great passion and intensity. Her shoes and clothes fly
everywhere. The scent of two horny adults fills the air. I clasp her boobs in the
darkness of the room and discover them to be larger than I thought. They’re round,
soft, and natural, so I give them extra care. All the while, I’m thinking, how awesome
is it that I’m going to bang such a beauty on the first day of my trip? The next six
249Destination Poon
months are sure to turn out epic. I send my warm hand to wander downwards to
where the real action is bound to happen. The only obstacle left is her panties. But
as I begin to remove them... I can feel something... how can I say this? Uhhhm...
FURRY.
What the fuck? She has so much pubic hair protruding out of her panties I feel like
I’m petting a wolf. I take a look down. Though the room is dark, HotEnglish curls up
her legs together in shyness — trying to hide her wool coat of a pussy away so that I
don’t see anything.
“I’m really sorry... I haven’t had sex for the last four months and didn’t planned to, so
I didn’t shave...”
Ah, nothing is going to stop me from getting a notch on the very first day of this trip.
Not even large amounts of furry pubic hair. I swallow the frog and continue as if
nothing has happened. She’s now trying to make me feel better, I suppose, because
she begins to suck my cock voraciously. I feel like a lollipop. The Jewish flavor.
Fifteen minutes later, I pull HotEnglish’s head up, turn her around, and begin to
pound her from behind. I thrust in and out and feel her fur against my Shlomo.
Together with her moans, it makes me feel like a caveman.
“AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!”
Feeling good, uh?
“AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!”
“AHHHHHHHHHH!!! AHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!”
“AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!! OH MY GOD!!!”
250Destination Poon
Wow, she enjoys this even more than me. She may have been serious about the
four month thing after all.
“OH MY GOD, I FORGOT HOW GOOD IT FEELS TO BE WITH A MAN!”
I continue to thrust back and forth so fiercely I wonder if it qualifies as a high intensity
workout. I literally bring myself to exhaustion, sucking every droplet of energy out of
my body. We fornicate so ferociously, and for so long, that I almost pass out. But
that’s not all. There’s a reason this story is in this book. As I pound her from behind,
HotEnglish suddenly grabs my arm in terror:
“Ahhhhhhhh... please slow down!!! I... don’t... feel... well.”
Son of Thunder is confused:
“What’s up?”
“I don’t... feel very well.”
HotEnglish delivers these words with a strange tonality. She turns her head to look at
me, and the clouded look on her face concerns me. It’s like she’s in some strange
state of blurriness, in a violet-tinted world of her own, a bubble with no hard edges,
completely divorced from the real world. What the fuck is happening? This gives me
an inner conflict to resolve: Do I act like a good person and sacrifice my sexual
satisfaction for her health? Or do I continue with complete disregard to
consequences? As always, I choose the latter. Hey, fuck you, you know you’d to the
same. I mean, come on, she’s right there attached to my dick. How am I supposed to
be thinking clearly?
I continue to pound her. But because I’m such a good, generous person, I increase
my rate of pumps per minute so that I can finish as fast as possible. For her own
good. She keeps on moaning in dizziness:
251Destination Poon
“AHHHHHHHHHHH! OH MY GOD!!!”
I pick up the speed even more. But another look at her face is enough to tell me that
things are quickly going from bad to worse. Something here doesn’t feel good at all.
“AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!”
I thrust faster and faster, hoping to ejaculate as rapidly as I can. But if you’re a man,
you must know the feeling I’m having right now. The feeling when you really want to
cum, but it just won’t come out. As if the devil himself is teasing you. HotEnglish
looks on the verge of collapse:
“AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH MY STOMACH!!”
“What do you feel?”
“BAD, REAAAAAL BAD!!”
Holy crap. Sounds like she means it. When she says that, I can almost swear I can
hear her stomach rumbling. But I keep going. Nothing is going to stop me. And in a
few minutes of concentration, I finally manage to ejaculate. Hooray! I quickly unplug
my Shlomo and we both get dressed. HotEnglish says:
“I’m so sorry, my stomach is really sensitive. I get sick very easily...”
What the fuck? The bugs must have caused a whole mess inside of her. But if her
stomach is sensitive, why then would she agree to eat deep-fried insects from a
polluted street? Answer: I am Reggie, Irresistible Destroyer of Gastrointestinal
Tracts. We walk from my door toward the stairway, but HotEnglish stops to rest her
hand on the wall. She’s now bent forward as if to regulate her breath. Things now
turn from worse to absolutely worst:
“OH MY GOD I FEEL BAD!”
252Destination Poon
What happens next? I stand there in shock, watching HotEnglish morphing from a
hot human female into a creature with the scary sounds and greenish skin of the
Incredible Hulk.
“BAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHH
HHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!”
HOLY FUCK.
Right next to a retching, lather-mouthed HotEnglish, there’s a large, sludgy puddle of
greenish-yellowish goo. She’s amassed such thick deposits of stinky disgustingness
it looks as if she’s vomited all of her internal organs out. She has spewed out a
stream so intense God himself could have used it as an eleventh plague against the
Egyptians. I must have stood there for a good five minutes, staring at her in disbelief
as my brain struggles to catch up with my eyes. How could a girl so sexy turn into
such an unkempt creature? Lost in bile and agony — and with gooey vomit dripping
from almost every orifice — she speaks:
“OH MY GOD, I’M SO, SO SORRY!”
I decide to be nice:
“No worries, we already had sex!”
“AHHHHHH I’M SO EMBARRASSED!! Now you’re going to remember me forever
looking like this!”
You bet, honey. Hence the existence of this chapter.
Now, what do you think I did next? Escape from the frightful, appalling scene with no
regard for HotEnglish? Did I leave her soaked in her own bile and gooey mess? If
you think so, then you have no idea how nice of a guy I can be. I went down to the
253Destination Poon
reception and asked to make a hot cup of tea for her. I then rushed to the Khao San
Road — struggling to adjust my eyes to the brightness of lights as the grisly
memories of HotEnglish flood my head — and I returned with fresh watermelon and
pineapple to rehydrate her body. And when we went to sleep that night, I even let her
feel young and protected and rest her head on my shoulder. And yes, I even fucked
her again the next day. Twice, but in the shower this time. Precautions deemed
necessary.
My advice to you: Take it slowly in Thailand, and if you plan on having sex — stay
away from deep-fried insects.
254Destination Poon
The Anal Habanero Eruption
Tourists don’t know where they’ve been. Travelers don’t know where they’re going.
(Paul Theroux)
There’s a family story my dad once told me: When he and his brothers were small
kids, they shoved a hot pepper in the ass of their stubborn donkey, causing it to run
wild all over the place. And I heard this story as a little impressionable kid, so it
struck a strong chord in my memory.
Fast forward twenty years.
I’m shopping for salsa with two travelers in Isla de Ometepe, Nicaragua and can’t
help but think of the donkey tale. It provides inspiration for a little wager:
“I’ll give a hundred bucks to the first one of you who shoves a hot pepper in the ass.”
I’m in a playful mood. Only yesterday, I got an amazing blowjob from a super hot,
vegan American traveler who was walking around all day with a strange jar of water.
When I left, she admitted she’s baffled by how in spite of her feminist American
education, it felt so good when I made her “feel like a girl.” Ah, they always say that.
But my playful mood doesn’t seem to affect my two fellow travelers. They both look
at me as if I have just suggested to go lick the balls of a goat. These guys are here
wandering Central America in search of distant lands and beautiful women, not some
spicy peppers up their anuses. One of them immediately spurns the idea:
“NO FUCKIN’ WAY!”
Without thinking twice, I immediately up the ante:
“Two hundred bucks!”
255Destination Poon
“No.”
Homies got some self respect.
“Three hundred! Come on, that’s two weeks here in Nicaragua!”
They are not convinced.
“No fucking way Reggie, are you crazy?”
I then decide to go full-throttle, taking out a big pile of bills from my trousers’ internal
pocket.
“Alright, alright! Five hundred. Last offer.”
They still refuse, claiming it’s not worth it to them because the average salaries in
where they come from — Switzerland and France — are thousands of dollars a
month. I decide that they suck, and inform them that:
“I will find someone to do it not for five hundred bucks, but for fifty. BY MIDNIGHT.”
They both raise their eyebrows. They do not know me well. But it’s already six in the
evening and I have no time to spare. Their disbelief then spurs me to pursue my
cause, approaching a local bum on the street as I try to seduce him into shoving a
hot pepper in his ass for a whopping fifty dollars bill. I use my broken Spanish:
“Amiiiiiiiigo! Cinquenta dollars para un habanero en tu culo!”
I deliver this sentence with gestures to make sure he understands. I don’t know if he
does, because he just sneers at me confusingly. I walk away and use the exact
same sentence on a bunch of other local guys in the street. Some of them respond
with laughter. Some with perplexed faces. Some remain expressionless. Those are
the scariest ones. By nine, I am still empty handed. Fuck, Nicaraguans have more
256Destination Poon
dignity than I thought.
I don’t lose hope, though. I know it will come. Once rejection means little to you, your
body language doesn’t telegraph all the vocal and social cues of neediness.
Ironically, this carefreeness only makes people more receptive to you. So I have no
doubt I’ll find someone by midnight. Every no brings me closer to the triumphal yes.
When the night gets late, I corral everyone and offer to visit a local bar. Everyone
means the two male travelers, and three European girls we had met earlier. While
striding the streets on our way to the bar, I attempt to persuade the girls to sign on to
my obnoxious mission. None of them agrees. One of them looks at me with disdain.
Fuck them. The bar will anyway be full of the people most likely to comply: Drunk
dudes from a country where the average salary is only a little more than two hundred
dollars a month. The French and Swiss guys still doubt my will:
“Man, you’re dreaming if you think you can convince anyone to do it for fifty bucks.”
I just smile, and then tell them the story of a guy who found a pick stuck in a rock
from the gold rush of the 1850s. Amazingly, only a few inches deeper was a massive
amount of gold. The lesson, of course, is that you never know how close you are to
achieving success. Who knows? Perhaps a receptive ass is right around the corner. I
should keep mining for one. We’re an hour away from midnight.
At first, the travelers feel a little inspired by the story. But then doubts begin to creep
in as the night grows late. But by this time, we’re almost at the bar. I won’t let their
disbelief in themselves contaminate my efforts. I have a good feeling about this.
Always trust your intuition if it has a good record of leading you to victories. Mine
always has. And I can just feel there’s a lucky winner waiting inside. We now enter
the bar. Guess what?
We have clearly stumbled upon a gold mine! This is what we call in the army a
target-rich environment. It’s a tiny, damp bar. Spooky almost. I see a big table with
about fifteen local Nicaraguans all drinking cheerfully. There’s a smaller table with
257Destination Poon
four local men chatting. Unlike at the big table, the four men don’t belch, and there
are no fumes of rum filling the air from their mouths. I decide to focus my effort on
the big group, figuring their sense of judgment is so clouded it will give me an extra
edge. I walk up to them and exclaim:
“CINQUENTA DOLLARS PARA UN HABANERO EN TU CULO!”
This should mean something like “Fifty dollars for a habanero in your ass!” I have no
idea how to say pepper in Spanish, but I do know that habanero is one of the spiciest
peppers in the world. I’ve seen it on Fear Factor. And I do know that it’s used all over
Central America. One sketchy guy then springs from the table and approaches me in
aggression. And to fully capture the moment, I’ll have to give him a little more
description:
The guy is stark and dark in appearance. Both visually and figuratively. His exposed
upper body is covered with scars — especially his chest and face. He is also drunk
as hell, smelling of cheap beer and rum. The stench of his belch is absolutely
thermonuclear. There’s also a look of despair and repressed violence in his hollow
eyes. Let’s just say this guy doesn’t look like the most shrewd of men. Actually, his
face is strikingly similar to those mugshots of serial rapists you see on the news. He
must be a part of a local gang or something. And he doesn’t balk, now standing only
a few inches away from my face, like a boxer before a fight:
“NO PROBLEMA!”
Indeed, humans are talented creatures with poor judgment and a great gift for self
destruction. He then whispers something to me, something my Spanish skills grasp
as:
“Yo matar cinco hombres.”
Wait a second, is he trying to tell me that he killed five men in this life? I’m not
surprised. I decide to get his blood to a boiling point, before his ass does:
258Destination Poon
“CINCO HOMBRES MUERTOS ES NAAAAAAAAADA! HABANERO ES MAS
DIFICIL!”
I mean to tell him that five dead men are nothing compared to a habanero in your
ass. And it seems to work, because DrunkGangster now looks eager to prove his
worth. He literally stands there, staring at me, POUNDING ON HIS CHEST like a
bestial gorilla. This can only mean one thing — BRING IT ON! I look around and see
my group of Europeans shocked. They can’t believe what’s happening. Is Reggie
actually going to pull this off?
I ask DrunkGangster to wait a few minutes, and I then walk outside to a small stall of
fruits and veggies. For whatever reason, it’s still open this late. I find a small
habanero pepper and begin to make my way back to the bar. On the way, I cut the
pepper’s tip so that the scalding, zesty juices are all exposed. Hey, if you’re going to
shove a pepper up somebody’s ass, might as well make it a fiery spectacle. We pay
money, we want a show! I press the edge of my tongue slightly against the pepper,
painstakingly examining its properties. It’s just a tiny lick, but it’s enough to verify my
worst, or perhaps best, of concerns.
FUCK.
This pepper is a flaming inferno, a concentration of lava squeezed into one tiny,
innocent-looking package. It’s the embodiment of Satan himself. Fuck, Hell itself
must be a joke compared to it. When Joe Rogan presented the habanero on Fear
Factor as one of the spiciest peppers in the world, I thought he was exaggerating for
rating. I now know he wasn’t. The juices of this pepper are like blazing lashes of
magma. I have never tasted anything so hot in my entire life. And I only took a very
tiny lick.
Seconds later, I am back at the bar, hoping DrunkGangster is still far from sober.
There’s a wide, genuine smile stretching across my face, and I raise my arm in the
air with the cut habanero:
259Destination Poon
“HABANEROOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!”
Everybody then goes BERSERK! The crowd of locals all cheer with their drinks and
erupt in jubilant applause. A pandemonium quickly erupts, with people in the bar
jumping up and down exuberantly and pumping their fists in a frenzy. Plenty of
people join us from the street, cramming inside the bar, corralling me. There’s a
thunderous applause and a raucous ovation everywhere. THIS BAR IS MINE
TONIGHT! And DrunkGangster? This dude is so fucking drunk he doesn’t even know
he’s drunk. He keeps pounding on his chest. And it is then when he abandons all
humility. Lo and behold! He yanks his shorts downwards and squats down:
I’m sorry, I can’t hold it. I begin to LAUGH so hard I can’t even hold the pepper still.
It’s now literally swinging in mid-air back and forth to the rhythm of my intense,
roaring laughter. It’s the kind you just can’t suppress, no matter how many men the
guy has killed. For the next thirty seconds, no matter how hard I try, I just can’t
remain still. I can’t even recruit the minimal accuracy required to shove the pepper in.
I can’t even force myself to do it.
So I look around, trying to focus my gaze on a remote point to calm my mind. I see
260Destination Poon
the girls. They look beyond shocked by the bizarre spectacle that’s in front of them.
As if they no longer feel any allegiance to these foul creatures called human beings.
We must be the only species to have ever shoved a hot pepper in the asses of one
another. I also see one of the European guys taking the photo above. Everybody
else looks ecstatic. The bar is now completely crammed with people enthusiastic
about our epic stunt. I figure that on this small island, they’re all so starved for
something entertaining to happen that they all want to be a part of it. But they only
make my task harder. Their cheers only intensify my laughter, rendering my attempts
to stabilize the pepper utterly futile. This mission is even more laborious than I
thought. No matter how hard I try, I can’t muster enough precision to stick this fiery
pepper in DrunkGangster’s asshole.
I finally relax, and manage to bring the pepper to his hole. But DrunkGangster
instantly stands up. What the fuck? It barely even touched him. Was it so hot? Was it
so painful? I prepare for the worst. Now, I wish I could tell you how wild of a fiery
creature DrunkGangster metamorphosed into. I wish I could describe the smoke
coming out of his ears. I wish I could tell you how we all had to rush him to an
emergency room. But there was none of that.
When DrunkGangster stands on his feet, I look up at him with the hot habanero still
hanging loose from the tips of my fingers. But this is what I see: An old, fat woman
yelling at DrunkGangster in Spanish. I don’t know what she says or who she is, but
she’s old enough to be his mom. Perhaps she is, coming to dissent and save her son
from this ritual of public humiliation. But how did she know about the ruckus in the
bar? That, I’ll never know. The bar owner then comes and asks us to leave. Not
because we are assholes, but because, and I quote:
“These guys are very dangerous.”
He rushes us out, telling us to go back to our hotel before DrunkGangster gets sober.
But before we leave, a scary and drunk DrunkGangster comes up to me all upset
and humiliated, asking for his fifty dollars. He is explosively angry by the act of
disgrace that I convinced him to submit to. I try to tell him with body language that
261Destination Poon
the pepper wasn’t fully shoved. Hey, no ass — no cash. The owner tells me to just
buy his table some rum. I decide it’s a good idea and buy them two bottles. This
should alleviate DrunkGangster’s explosiveness. But it doesn’t. He still looks like his
blood is boiling. Anyway, I manage to make my way out. The owner tells me to be
careful. I tell him:
“Don’t worry. We’re going back to our hotel.”
“This is exactly why I’m worried.”
What exactly he meant, I will never know. But after that night, I went back to my
room and locked the door behind me. I left the island early in the morning, proud that
I had doughtily trounced my fellow Europeans with mere grit. As always, victory
comes to him who cares least about the consequences. The only lesson from this
story:
People who don’t travel are very much like unhatched birds. They only see the
insides of their shells, fully unaware of the vast variety of habits, beliefs, and
lifestyles of people from the greater world. They don’t know that somewhere in
Nicaragua, there are men so dedicated to bringing home some bacon they’d agree
to shove one of the spiciest peppers on Earth up their asses.
Go visit Nicaragua. It’s awesome.
262Destination Poon
The No-Sex Challenge
If nothing is going well, call your grandmother. (Italian Proverb)
My grandparents’ house is the glue that bonds us all — my uncles, aunties, cousins,
everyone — together. It’s deeply traditional, very much like that of the Corleone
family from The Godfather. My jaunty grandma, for example, is very different than
the average Western woman. She raised eight children, and gave birth to ten. Two
twins died at birth. She was a milk machine, breastfeeding all her children and even
the neighborhood kids when their moms’ titties were too small to produce enough
milk. When she and my grandpa moved to Israel after the Holocaust, they had to
begin from scratch, dragging heavy blocks of concrete and wood across the land to
build their home. I guess that’s why the idea of throwing away food is so abhorrent to
them. Obviously, there were hardships, but lighting the torches, brandishing the
pitchforks, and ripping the marriage apart was never even considered. Each of her
kids and grandkids had to serve in the Israeli army, and with all that, she never
complained. She always kept her joyful attitude and found her way to care for
everyone and nourish the family bond. Modern women think they’re strong and
independent, but give them a few days in my grandma’s shoes and they’d collapse in
a nervous breakdown.
So when I returned from my long journey in Asia, I was very excited to go visit my
grandparents again. My cousins — including Linor, who was visiting from America —
were also there, and we were all chatting and laughing in the living room, the
headquarters of Tribe Elya. Linor couldn’t suppress her laughter when I told her all
about the crazy sexual adventures I had been having:
“THAT’S CRAZY, REGGIE! Hahaha, how are you ever going to get married? You’ll
been through so much you’ll never be able to commit to one girl!”
This is a mistake many people make. You see, because I have experienced pretty
much every pleasure the world has to offer — exotic locations, fine women, complete
freedom — nothing holds the power of temptation over me anymore. I’m probably
263Destination Poon
the safest guy in Israel for marriage. And anyone can read this book and know
everything about my past. It’s the unknown that is scary, and I don’t hide anything.
Sure, there are plenty of nice guys who seem virtuous, but how virtuous are they
really? Were they given the genuine opportunity to voyage the world and have sex
with premium poons, how many of them would suddenly fail to battle real
temptation? How many of them would surrender to the psychic strain of repressed
lust? You and I both know the answer. Me? Been there, done that. When I get
married, it’s going to be with a full sense of calmness and commitment so that I can
build my own Corleone-like tribe. But when I tell that to Linor, she isn’t convinced:
“Hahaha, I don’t believe that!”
Alright, alright, time for a challenge. In the heat of the moment, a very unfortunate
stroke of stupidity hits me and I suggest what seems like a completely unrealistic bet:
“You know what? I bet you one thousand bucks I’m not gonna have sex for half a
year, beginning from now.”
Reggie the Impulsive Challenger.
Linor agrees without thinking twice. We sort out the details, and she asks me how
she’ll know if I’m telling the truth. I tell her that being the descendants of grandpa
Faraj the Great, it is dignity and honor that bind us. But there’s something else Linor
isn’t aware of. Know the emotional euphoria you feel when you read a very
inspirational book? How it makes you enthusiastic to follow your dreams? At that
time, I was reading the amazing Think and Grow Rich, where Napoleon Hill
describes the connection of sexuality to productivity. And because my business was
growing so well at the time, I was kind of curious to field test a sexless period to see
if I could funnel the increased sexual energy into growing it even more. This
challenge was a good excuse.
Fast forward six months.
264Destination Poon
How do you think it went? Did I fail spectacularly? Did I give up and make a booty
call just before drowning in my own pool of unused sperm and lust? Not at all. Guess
what?
I FUCKING DID IT.
I didn’t have sex for exactly six months and one day. It wasn’t easy at all. Fuck, I
even woke up with wet undies a couple of times, like a fucking teenager. I guess it
has to come out somehow. But how did I manage to do it? Simple. Remember,
ladies and gentlemen:
Your environment will almost always be stronger than you. Instead of relying on self
discipline, simply change your environment and remove catalysts for unwanted
behavior. This way, it’s never a question of will power.
When my readers ask for advice on how to lose weight, I tell them to eliminate
temptations by ridding their house of bread, sugars, and other junk. So I walked my
talk, and eliminated the presence of pussy from my life. Perhaps it’s more accurate
to say that I eliminated my own presence from the life of pussies. Never met my hot
female friends. Never went to bars. Didn’t even travel. I minimized my time outdoors
and lived a completely unbalanced life, working on my business literally the whole
day, rotting in my cave.
Six months later — exactly six months later — a stroke of compassion from Mother
Karma hits. The day after the deadline of this brutal bet, I get a phone call from a girl
I met in the army:
“Reggieeeeeeeeeeee!! I miss youuuuuuuu!!”
Truth be told: She wasn’t amazingly attractive, but she had a great body and fleshy
lips. She was extremely fuckable, especially when you haven’t had sex for half a
year. When I first hear her feminine voice over the phone, my Shlomo begins to
blossom in lust to the promise of poon. Oh, poon at last! Just when he was about to
265Destination Poon
pack up his balls and leave. Shlomo has been a reliable ally for years, and he’s now
acute at recognizing incoming nourishment. I respond with enthusiasm:
“Good. Come over NOW.”
ArmyChick responds with similar enthusiasm:
“I’m actually coming to town this evening, so I thought I could come over and see
you!”
This is actually a great time. That weekend, my cousin Sharon took his wife and kids
to some vacation resort in the lush north of Israel, and he asked me to stay at his
house and keep an eye out. I was happy to do it — not only because I’m always
happy to help a cousin out — but also because his wood house is so magical-looking
it feels like it belongs to the village of the Smurfs. And it’s right by the big house of
my grandparents, the central headquarters of Tribe Elya. Banging ArmyChick there
will make this weekend epic.
When she comes in the evening, the inevitable happens. Sharon’s house is tucked
deeply in the neighborhood, and she’s having hard time finding it. She calls:
“Reggieeeeee, I can’t find the house!”
Trying to explain the exact location is futile, so I direct her to a more public spot and
go outside. She arrives in the backseat of a car full of three other girls. I look at them
and wonder, what are they all thinking in their heads? Did ArmyChick assume — and
not care — that her friends see her as Reggie’s sex toy? Or did her friends share her
self-deceptive rationalization that she’s just coming to visit a friend she misses from
the army? I’ll never know.
I lead ArmyChick up to Sharon’s house. There’s a flicker of excitement in her eyes,
and it gradually spreads until it’s a full flame of admiration. Is it her poon lubricating
in my presence, or is it the special feeling of Sharon’s Smurf home? It’s hard not to
266Destination Poon
feel as if you’re living in a fairytale when you first step inside the red wood walls of
this house. I take ArmyChick to Sharon’s porch. The fresh breeze motivates us to sit
tightly close to each other and take advantage of our combined body heat. She
begins to talk about my travels. She’s excited:
“OH MY GOD, PLEASE TAKE ME WITH YOU NEXT TIME!”
I am fiercely horny, so I can’t have a normal conversation. There’s no time for fluff. I
need to satisfy my primal needs and get rid of my long-stored seed. So within just a
few minutes, testosterone takes over and I literally yank ArmyChick over my shoulder
and carry her to the bed like a caveman. Oh my goodness, only now do I realize how
starved I’ve been for a woman’s touch. Once inside the bedroom, I toss her onto
Sharon’s king-size bed. The momentum slams her onto the mattress, but she enjoys
it. She looks at me seductively, submitting to my dominating lust. Uncorrupted by
modern dogma, Israeli women are never shy to flaunt their desire to have a strong
man.
I then assault ArmyChick like a starved tiger at the sight of a young deer after a long
fast. She sucks my cock for twenty minutes. I am ECSTATIC. This blowjob is easily
the most sensitive sensation I’ve ever felt. It’s actually tickling, causing me to tremble
and convulsively vibrate as her lips move along my weapon of mass destruction. Oh
my God. So this is what a prolonged sexless period does to the human body. The
Torah was right: Restraint does heighten subsequent sensations of pleasure.
Heaven exists. It’s as if my dick has atrophied and became completely tender to the
touch of another organ. It’s so electrifying I soon decide I can’t take it anymore, so I
pull ArmyChick’s head up and turn her around so that I can bang her to my own
rhythm.
We’re in the doggy position now. The wetness, friction, and moans intermingle into
one explosive moment of godliness. And it is now that I feel smug about winning my
bet for the first time. I am the king of the world. I have challenged the Devil and won.
I have survived this vicious dry spell, and I am now rewarded with one of the most
thrilling and stimulating sex sessions I’ve ever had. But I’m also puzzled by
267Destination Poon
ArmyChick. She’s...
BREAKDANCING.
I mean, with every thrust that I deliver, she stutters and locks in place rhythmically.
Just like a street breakdancer. It’s like my dick — when fully inside — triggers some
biomechanical mechanism that freezes her in place. And the effect wears off
whenever I pull out. I have never seen anything like it. But of course, I still ejaculate.
And when I do, it’s so powerful my sperm feels like rampaging lava in a wild volcanic
eruption.
Reggie the Volcano.
I go for another round with ArmyChick, but I soon give in to exhaustion. When that
happens, my capacity to emote drops to zero and I collapse on the bed with a big
smug and Zen calmness on my face. Nothing worries me. Not even my cousin’s bed,
which is now tainted with sweat and unidentified fluids. The challenge of virtue is
over. I have won. I have tamed my desire, jizzed all over its face, and never called
back. But a funny thing then happens. ArmyChick rests her head on my shoulder and
begins to discuss the possibility of us being together. The possibility of me taking her
on my future travels around the world.
IS SHE FOR REAL?
Remember, Reggie: Your job as a man is to never take her seriously. I then avoid the
cuddles and pillow talk and remain emotionally unreachable, refusing to give in to
her expectations of commitment. You see, I’m more like a polar bear when it comes
to random sex: I’ll catch whatever fish I can as long as it’s good enough to satisfy my
temporary hunger. But if you want to be my girlfriend... Best of luck.
After a little while of ArmyChick futilely trying to extract promises of commitment from
me, I then remember something crucial: Sharon and his family are supposed to
return in a few hours, at seven in the morning. FUCK. Urgency hits me, because
268Destination Poon
there are thick, sticky puddles of liquid on the unkempt and unwashed bed. Damn,
this girl is a squirter! Somebody has to clean it, and this somebody is never me. So...
OF COURSE I take advantage of ArmyChick’s enthusiasm for me, convincing her to
change the whole bed. She complies with great pleasure.
Hey, fuck you. You know you’d do the same.
When the whole place is tidy, I peek through the shutters and notice there’s no one
in the streets. I figure this is a good moment for her to leave, so I explain to her that
my cousin is going to be back in just a few hours. The true reason? She isn’t up to
my usual standards and would bruise my reputation were we seen together. So I call
a taxi, but I then notice something else... my wallet isn’t here! I must have forgotten it
before coming to Sharon’s. I don’t suspect ArmyChick because Israeli girls never do
these things. So I ask her:
“Do you have some money in your purse?”
“No... I don’t have cash...”
I guess I’ll never know why women carry purses.
“Why don’t you go sleep at your auntie’s? It’s only a twenty minute walk from here.”
“ARE YOU KIDDING? Look how dark it is! And your town is full of criminals! I’m not
walking alone in the middle of the night!”
Bitch.
“Why are you so negative? Think of the good side. Don’t you have any rape
fantasies?”
“SHUT UP! I’M NOT WALKING ALONE! DRIVE ME BACK!”
269Destination Poon
Alright, alright. Fair enough. I then walk her down to Sharon’s car, which he has lent
me for the weekend. But... I FORGOT THE IMMOBILIZER CODE. And since it’s the
middle of the night, I’m not going to wake him up.
“You’re going to have to walk, after all.”
“WALK ME BACK! I’M SCARED!”
“We already had sex.”
“Reggie!!!”
“Come on, I need an incentive!”
My solution is this: I take ArmyChick back up to Sharon’s magical house. I then begin
to look everywhere for money. I hunt all over the kitchen. I peek through every
drawer. Under every piece of furniture. Under the fridge. I even look inside the lamps
and inside his daughter’s dolls. So... this is what thieves feel like. All I need is about
$6 to send ArmyChick home. I figured Sharon must have left a few coins
somewhere, but I have greatly underestimated the zealousness of my cousin about
money. No matter how hard I look, I can’t find a single cent in his house. He’s a true
Jew, guarding his money with a circumcised iron fist. And ArmyChick? She just
stands there in confusion the whole time. I wonder if she’s feeling welcome.
After my futile attempts to salvage lost treasure, I give up the idea and move to plan
B: Doing the same in the terrace of my grandparents. My grandparents’ house is
collectively shared — always open for all family members no matter the time — it
feels like everybody’s home. The terrace is actually more of a verandah, an expanse
between the front door and my grandparents’ yard, shaded by a tiled shingle roof
that is supported by walls that seal the place from wind and animals. And because
my venerable grandma is too physically weak to climb the stairs to her house, she
just sleeps there on a bed. So... I figure I can sneak in and borrow some cash from
her purse.
270Destination Poon
I ask ArmyChick to wait at my cousin’s house while I go enter the verandah through
the yard. I try to walk slowly, but our big dogs begin to bark. I call their names so they
recognize my voice and stop barking. One of them begins to lick me. I brush it off
because I’ve had way too many lickings for one night. I make the way to the sliding
glass door that separates the yard from the terrace, and I notice different bright
colors alternating, flashing from the inside. This must be the TV. My grandma always
falls asleep watching old Arab movies.
When I slide open the terrace door and begin to sneak inside, I take soft, quiet steps
because I don’t want to wake my lovely grandma from her sleep. There’s an aroma
redolent of cumin and turmeric. She must have cooked a feast for tomorrow. I get
closer to her and notice that... Jackpot! She’s awake! There will be cash tonight.
Divine intervention, I suppose. My grandma is indeed divine. But something
unexpected happens: Her face — sculpted by Father Time and illuminated by the
TV’s flashing colors — stares at me in confusion and concern. Her dentures are
drowning in a glass of water nearby, so she yells at me toothlessly:
“WHO ARE YOU?”
I quickly alleviate her fears:
“Grandma! It’s me!”
“WHO?”
“Me!”
“Regev! I thought you were a thief!”
The gloom must be making it hard for her to see.
“Grandma, I need 20 shekels. I’ll explain later.”
271Destination Poon
She immediately looks at me with suspicion. Her eyes narrow down because her
emotional perception is so acute and fluid she can interpret the meaning behind
every word, facial expression, and vocal tone almost immediately. She can almost
read people’s minds, especially when it comes to her own grandkids. A wide,
toothless smile then broadens across her face, and she winks at me:
“Whaaaaaaaat for...?”
I tell her that there’s a girl in Sharon’s house and that I need to send her home
before they come back. She broadens her smile even more:
“You’re just like your grandfather!”
She reaches her hand to her black purse and slips out a 20 shekel bill. But before
she gives it to me, she snickers:
“Just one question...”
I look at her in expectation. I know she’s going to come up with something funny,
because she never disappoints.
“How many... times?”
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHA! I
suppose there’s a reason my grandma is such a local celebrity in our city. She once
won a car when she captured the hearts of the judges and audience on an Israeli
show of funny homemade videos. When Grandma demands, Reggie complies:
“Two.”
“Good, good! Did she suck it?”
272Destination Poon
“Yes.”
She giggles and gives me the bill. I kiss her and get back to Sharon’s house. I order
a taxi for ArmyChick, and she soon leaves. And me?
I go back to sleep on clean sheets.
273Destination Poon
How to Pick Up Hot Swedish Girls
There is no success in this world without first conquering the battle within your mind.
(Preston Ely)
Most Israelis are naturally direct, bold, and straightforward, so it was only a matter of
time before people here would go and capitalize on these strengths in softer, more
genteel cultures. Like Sweden.
Right after my army service, I went online and found a job in Sweden, selling oil
paintings door to door. At that time, I was so goddamn poor it seemed to be the most
practical way to go see the world. I’m naturally a talkative extrovert, so my friends
thought I would rock in sales. But they should have known my inability to withstand
both boredom and authority would make this job impossible. Selling oil paintings
sucked big time, so I had to find fun things to do, like... picking up the local women.
Here’s how my first week there looked like:
I arrive in Sweden. The owners of the painting-selling business, a couple, come to
pick me up from the airport. The male is short, shy, and creepy. His wife is so fucking
ugly she looks like a vampire thirsting for teenage blood. Her sharp teeth scare me.
She looks like Dracula.
DraculaBoss and her husband drive me to the big apartment they rent to their
employees, where I am welcomed by a very friendly bunch of Israeli guys and gals
who also work there. DraculaBoss designates an empty room for me to share with
another new guy. There are no photos on the walls. No furniture. No beds. No
nothing really, besides two cheap mattresses on the floor. I feel like an illegal
Chinese employee of a cheap sushi bar. My new roommate is Nave, a nice kid from
a very religious family in Israel. He has the chiseled looks of a Middle Eastern Clark
Kent.
Before we go to sleep, we all gather in the living room, and DraculaBoss comes to
teach us all the different sales techniques so that we can begin to implement them
274Destination Poon
the very next day. I discover the deep ethics of DraculaBoss and her wimpy husband
when they advise us to pretend we’re students of art from the University of New
York.
The very next day, we wake up early to test our new skills. Each of us picks up a
folder of paintings and hits the neighborhoods of Stockholm. We target the rich parts,
where every house sits by a lake, ringed by tall pine trees and the silence that retired
people claim to enjoy. An hour later, after a bunch of futile, cold sales pitches, I come
to the inevitable conclusion that DraculaBoss’s techniques suck. I decide instead to
do what comes naturally:
Improvise.
With this decision in mind, I approach a burgundy colored wooden house and knock
on the door. A massive Swedish man opens it. Immediately, curiosity fills me:
“Greetings, Viking.”
“Ahhhh, what?”
“I come to learn about your kind.”
I begin to ask him about Sweden, its history of Vikings, even salmon fishing. He
smiles and lets me in his home, showing me all kinds of traditional Scandinavian
furniture. It’s beautiful. Everything is made out of fine redwood colored timber. I feel
like I’m in a Nordic fairytale. I am so captivated by the Scandinavian architectural
style of his house I completely forget to pitch the oil paintings. That, ironically, makes
him even more interested, and he begins to ask me questions about them. Never
forget:
You’re more likely to sell if you disqualify yourself from trying to sell. Whether you’re
trying to sell a product or get a girl to sleep with you — they’re much more likely to
buy if they don’t think you have a hidden agenda.
275Destination Poon
He then points to a painting he seems to like:
“What is it called?”
“The Tree of Life.”
“What’s the meaning behind it?”
I have no clue.
“It’s called the Tree of Life because it’s so dry and boring it has no life at all.”
He looks confused. He isn’t interested anymore. So much for my sales techniques. I
continue and knock on more doors in this Swedish neighborhood. Soon, it becomes
clear to me:
DraculaBoss and her husband didn’t do their market research right. Almost nobody
in this neighborhood seems even remotely interested in art. I suppose these two
bosses went the shotgun approach, expecting us to throw ourselves at every single
door until somebody said yes. But this is utterly stupid and inefficient, and I have no
intention to play this game. Remember, Reggie: Wealth is found not in how many
sales you make, or in what you own, but in how you spend your time. Fuck it, I go
and find a neat spot on the grass next to an apple tree, propping my folder against it
as I collect an apple and begin to read Dan Brown’s Angels & Demons. I spend 90%
of the day under this tree, and I don’t feel bad about it at all. First, because we work
on commission. Second, I’m paying for the apartment anyway. The van arrives hours
later, and I tell them I made zero sales.
“It’s alright Reggie, you’re just inexperienced. You’ll surely get better!”
Ah, if they only knew how I spent my day.
276Destination Poon
We again wake up early the next morning. I am designated to be spending the day in
another exotic neighborhood surrounded by a large, marvelous pine forest. In our
quest for cash, another girl from the apartment joins me. Her name is Yafit, a very
cool girl who carries herself with a natural, earthly aura of good energy. Once in the
neighborhood, I am impressed by the strong family-oriented nature of the Swedes.
Everyone in this neighborhood shares the same surname, something I have learned
from the sign on each door. I tell Yafit:
“We’re probably in a small village. Everyone here belongs to the Velkomnen family.”
Yafit begins to laugh hysterically. I don’t understand. She then says:
“HAHAHAHA! Velkomnen means Welcome in Swedish!”
Oh.
After a few futile sales attempts, boredom wins over and I enthusiastically convince
Yafit to come join me to the nearby forest and take some exotic — no, not naked,
you pervert — photos. This oil painting stuff is more boring than I thought. My ADHD
has hard time tolerating it.
The next morning, I am sent alone to a remote neighborhood in Stockholm. Selling
paintings has already become repulsive to me. It’s boring as fuck. So right after the
van drops me off, I prop my folder against a tree and continue the Angels & Demons
adventure. I’m not in an upbeat mood, so why even try? Most people can smell your
state of mind like hungry hounds. If you don’t feel good, how do you expect people to
feel good about your product?
Three hours later — still propped against the same tree — I suddenly see a fawn
trancing playfully a few yards away from me. I have never seen a Bambi in real life. I
become excited like a child, trying to remain still so it doesn’t fear and run away. The
fawn is magnificent, incredibly graceful, adding animation and elegance to this
Nordic landscape. And when, inevitably, it runs away, I am left so upbeat and excited
277Destination Poon
I decide to funnel the unexpected burst of energy into... making money. I get up and
knock on a door nearby. Two minutes later, the guy asks about a painting of five
different figures that look like humanoid trees.
“What does this painting mean?”
I again have no clue, but a stroke of Reggie creativity hits me:
“They’re called the Five Desperate. They’re desperate because they’re stuck in the
ground and have no place to go.”
Guess what? HE BUYS THE PAINTING! Clearly, I was born to be a salesman.
Filled with pride and a smug smile on my face, I return to the Bambi spot and
continue reading my book. Why not go sell another one? Well, at that time, I was
such a hippy I couldn’t care less about money. When the van comes to collect me at
the end of the day, I raise my hand and flaunt the cash I have earned before I get in.
Everybody in the van applauds in celebration. When I board the vehicle, Yafit tells
me that one sale a day is awesome. I tell her:
“It’s one sale out of one attempt. One-hundred percent success rate!”
She looks perplexed:
“You lucky bastard! Did you spend the whole day under an apple tree again?”
I smile.
In the weekend, I go with my roommate Nave to Gamla Stan, the beautiful area in
the center of Stockholm. We are in both astonishment and awe of the sheer volume
of beauty walking around. It’s like nothing we’ve ever seen. To our left, to our right!
Everywhere is full of tall blondies who could easily fit the front cover of Sports
Illustrated.
278Destination Poon
When Nave first speaks to a girl in the street, I discover he’s a little naive about the
nature of women. You have to remember, he is much younger than the rest of us,
and he was also raised religiously, sheltered and isolated from the great pleasures of
the liberal, slutty world. Whether that’s good or bad, it doesn’t matter. I decide to take
him under my wing and instill in him the playful attitude that women love so much.
Our first mission, I tell him, is to collect plenty of phone numbers from hot Swedes.
His face takes on an expression of disbelief. It’s the disbelief of the chronically
hungry. But a mission’s a mission. By the end of the day, Nave will be enlightened.
Actions speak louder than words, so I immediately approach a duo of young,
beautiful blonde girls.
“SAY HELLO TO THE JEWS OF SWEDEN!”
The girls just look at us, as if to gauge the authenticity of my delivery. They then
smile. We’re in.
“I like these smiles. You’re attracted to us.”
They blush and giggle. I continue:
“Teach us something about Sweden, we’re tourists here.”
“Hmmmm... we have almost ten million people!”
“Ten million beauties! Now tell us what makes you different. Are you smart?”
“Hahahaha, I guess.”
“Are you energetic?”
“Of course!”
279Destination Poon
“Are you open minded?”
“Yes! Sweden is the most open-minded country in the world.”
“I like that. Give us your phone numbers and we’ll meet you later this week.”
They give us their numbers. Behold the power of the infamous yes-ladder technique.
Get the prospect to agree with you, get her to agree with you again and again, and
she’ll be more likely to finally agree with you when it’s time to close the deal. Yes,
yes, yes, YES! The brain gets caught in a repetitive pattern of compliance. Nave
looks in awe. He has never seen anything like it before. How does it look so easy? I
feel like a cheap guru when I tell him:
“It’s not what you say, but how you say it.”
To demonstrate that, I approach a group of three beautiful Swedish girls that Nave
points to. I break the ice with the first thing that comes to mind:
“SCHNITZEL!”
They are confused. I smirk naughtily. No words are needed. He who talks first loses.
Nave is awestruck, because we end up with both their numbers. SWEDEN IS
AWESOME. This must be how Julius Caesar felt when he came, saw, and
conquered parts of Europe. Beyond amazed, Nave keeps pointing his fingers toward
new blondes. Less than an hour later, we have about a dozen new numbers in our
phone.
We keep striding along the Gamla Stan, looking for our last prey, a grand finale. We
find it as we walk past an ice cream shop. And we both freeze in awe. Inside the
shop, there’s a waitress, and she’s the most beautiful specimen we have both ever
witnessed. She’s blonde and blue-eyed, like the rest of Swedes, but her perfect
symmetry and proportions are what makes her truly a masterpiece. With tight black
280Destination Poon
leggings that fit her perfect hourglass shape, she has the flawless skin of a young
Heidi Klum. She’s literally the hottest girl I’ve ever seen. This Swedish babe is so
breathtaking she puts most supermodels to shame.
I tell Nave to hold my camera and wait for me outside. This is going to be hard. I
concentrate for a moment, trying to muster enough mental strength for this feat. I
enter the ice cream shop. The girl sees me in the corner of her eye and bends down
to clean the floor. Her ass — stretched in black tights — is now staring right at my
face. This was her own move of seduction. But together with desire, this also fills me
with something else.
FUCK.
How can this be? I have spent the whole day picking up hot girls, and here I am,
suddenly hit with... ANXIETY. And it’s so overwhelming that I have to go back
outside and get some fresh air. Now that Nave perceives me as a master of poon,
this pressure to perform makes it tough. Once outside, Nave comes to me in
enthusiasm:
“HOW DID YOU GET HER NUMBER SO FAST?”
I feel like a loser. I have to admit — both to myself and to Nave — that I chickened
out. Only moments earlier, I told Nave that our perception of our sexual value is a
matter of the feedback we get from others. That while getting repeatedly rejected
causes you to aim for mediocrity, a chain of successful attempts causes you to aim
higher and shoot for the true beauties. So after this amazingly successful day, how
can I come out of this ice cream shop empty handed...? Fuck it. You miss 100% of
the shots you don’t take. I’m going back in. But...
SHE ISN’T THERE.
I remain optimistic, walk toward the cashier, and ask where the blonde waitress has
gone. He knows immediately who I’m talking about, because he turns his head to the
281Destination Poon
kitchen and calls out:
“Yuuuuuuuuuuuuuliaaaa!”
Lo and behold: a blond figure emerges from the kitchen. So, her name is Yulia. Now
fully facing me, she’s even more gorgeous than I thought. She’s an embodiment of
Aphrodite herself. I suppose when Hitler tried to purify Europe, Yulia’s face was his
end-goal in mind. But fuck Hitler, and fuck Aphrodite, I am here for one goal. I need
to add Yulia’s phone number to our collection. She’s our grand finale. I begin to talk
to her:
“You wanted me to speak to you. Here I am.”
“Ahhh, what?”
“You know what I’m talking about.”
She blushes. I smile. We talk for a few minutes, and I learn that she’s actually a shy,
nineteen-year-old girl from Stockholm. The cashier’s presence makes me a little
nervous, but fuck it. He’s just another obstacle. The more I talk to Yulia, the smaller
my anxiety becomes. Like most beautiful girls, she must have been stoked and
nurtured as a kid — growing up into a genuinely nice, emotionally sound adult. I ask
her:
“Any plans for the weekend?”
I stare right into her eyeballs.
“My best friend is having a birthday party.”
I give a naughty smirk and say:
“We’re going to be the most beautiful couple there.”
282Destination Poon
Remember, gents: Always assume the sale.
She smiles. It’s time:
“Give me your phone number and I’ll call you.”
She gives me her number. I am God. I am Reggie the Slayer of Viking Hearts.
I walk out in pride, and the rush of testosterone is expressed through my body
language. My chest and balls are bulging out. I now view the world with an elevated
chin. This is how Casanova must have felt like in his conquests across Europe. On
our way back, Nave tells me:
“This is the craziest, most unbelievable day of my entire life!”
I smile and nod in acknowledgment. Nave asks me:
“Seriously, how did you do that?”
I begin to analyze the last couple of hours in my head.
“Knowing what not to do is more than half the battle. Never be needy, and never be
boring. You want to be as different as possible from every other man who has hit on
her today.”
I learned this all the hard way, by innocent trial and error in my early twenties. Nave
begs for more wisdom. I decide to pepper in some marketing advice:
“Always keep them curious, always keep calm and carry on, and always assume the
sale. Act like she’s already yours, and she’ll soon believe it. And once you really
believe it yourself, the proper attitude will embed itself into your ID, and you will
automatically do and say the right thing. It works for me.”
283Destination Poon
After the weekend, we wake up early, grab our folders, and head to the nearby
neighborhoods. I decide to go berserk today and close as many sales as I can. But
reality rapidly sets in. I become bored, find an apple tree, and resort to reading
Angels & Demons.
After a few hours of reading, I begin to wander around, and I soon spot a home that
looks abundant with resources and cash to spare. It sits right on top of a green hill by
the side of a lake, and feels like a house from The Lord of the Rings. This house is
so boldly isolated from the rest of the neighborhood I figure it must belong to some
fancy, arrogant family of old Swedes. The kind who’s so bored of life they’d spend
fortunes on any random art.
Preparing to knock, I focus my gaze on an albatross diving in the lake. The fresh
water saturates its wings, and I’m wondering if it makes them impossible to lift again.
But the bird magically springs up with a fish in its mouth. Inspired by the bird, I
decide it’s time to win my own bread for the day. I knock on the wooden door.
Ten seconds pass, and the door opens.
HOLY FUCK.
My jaw drops. Imagine this: You’re in a land faraway, selling oil paintings where
Vikings once battled with axes. You knock on a door of an isolated house by a lake,
thinking there’s an old, bitter woman there. But instead, you’re welcomed by a young
Swedish beauty with blond hair, catty blue eyes, black eyeliner, and very tight,
promiscuous leather pants with horizontal holes that expose her skin. It’s almost
surreal, a girl so porn-like in a place so heavenly. Yes, Yulia may have been more
beautiful, but this girl is way, way sluttier. What would you say to her?
I respond the way I always do at the sight of a demon slut: I smile and give her my
“I’m going to fuck you” eyes. I then unfold the folder on the ground. She touches her
necklace. She’s interested. In me. I learned that in the army, where they once sent
284Destination Poon
me for a day with a special interrogation unit specializing in body language and
persuasion. But before I have time to sweep her off her feat, Mommy comes from the
inside of the house and begins to speak Swedish to her. By her body language, it is
clear to me what’s happening. She’s trying to get her daughter home, trying to
protect her from the incoming Middle Eastern threat that is me.
Swedish Moms: The Ultimate Cockblock.
Now, if you have lived on planet Earth for at least a day, then you know what
happens next. When a girl is warned to stay away from you, this makes her only
more interested. In advertising, it’s called the Law of Scarcity. When parents try to
get their daughter away from you, they’re also snatching you away from her, making
you scarce. So SwedishSlut’s attraction to me is only intensified. I’m attracted to her
too, so I decide to neutralize Mommy by...
Getting her to like me.
It works flawlessly. After a few minutes of focusing my attention entirely on
SwedishMom — communicating with her through body language, because she can’t
speak English — she becomes receptive to my presence. So receptive, in fact, that
she even shows interest in one of my oil paintings! I begin to pitch it, all the while
SwedishSlut stands by her side, gazing at me with her big fuck-me eyes. Her slutty
black eyeliner turns me on. But they both can’t speak English. So what do I do now?
How the fuck do I separate SwedishSlut from her mom?
In another stroke of Reggie Genius, I come up with an idea so brilliant I am in awe of
my improvisation skills: With enthusiastic body language, I offer SwedishMom to take
a look at the rest of the paintings. She begins to go through them in fascination, so I
sneakily take a pen and a wrinkled piece of paper out of my pocket. I write on it:
“FACEBOOK: REGEV ELYA.”
I take another glimpse of SwedishMom. She’s glued to the paintings. I silently pass
285Destination Poon
the piece of paper to her daughter. I deliver it with a naughty wink so she gets the
message. She smiles. When I get back to our apartment, a new Facebook friend
request awaits me. Her name is Christina.
I sit with Nave, browsing all through Christina’s sexy pictures. On his cell phone,
there are all the numbers we acquired yesterday in Gamla Stan. In a moment of
honesty, I tell Nave that my success rate yesterday was unexpectedly high. That I
face failure and rejection all the time, and that I just happened to be “in the zone.”
But a revelation then hits me: I was in the zone — peaking with irresistible
confidence — much thanks to the environment and the people surrounding me.
Highlight these words and read them every day:
Your environment is always stronger than you. Change your environment and you
change your behavior. If you want to cultivate the right attitude, place yourself in the
right place, and the proper thoughts, words, and actions will soon start to flow
naturally. Instead of memorizing a thousand lines, you’ll develop the mindset that
produces them organically. This applies to everything. If you hang around passionate
people that you respect, you’ll naturally feel more excited and pumped up toward
your own goals. By the sheer power of proximity, associating with upbeat people is a
self-perpetuating process that will positively mold your psyche.
The golden question, I guess, is this: What did I do with all the phone numbers? Did I
bang the soul out of Yulia after that birthday party on the weekend? Did I go see
SwedishSlut? Did I fuck any of the rest of the girls?
Not at all.
It would be a lie to say I didn’t want to. But back then, I had a girlfriend for two years
in Israel, so... I fought against my nature and never called. Nave kept dissing me
about it, saying I was out of my fucking mind. And believe me, when a religious kid
breaks your balls, you know you suck. Looking back, I should have dumped my
girlfriend before I flew to Sweden. I guess I was much dumber back then.
286Destination Poon
I sent Nave an email, asking him what he remembers from that week we spent
together. This is his reply:
“You were killing me when you were describing the oil paintings to people! You told
someone that the Five Angels painting was of angels putting their hands in their
pockets because they were looking for money. You told him they were staring at the
ground because life sucks. HAHAHAHA DraculaBoss was furious about it, and I was
laughing so hard I was crying. I also remember that I was going suicidal on the job,
knocking on doors all day, and you were just putting the folder against a tree, reading
a book. We also talked about building a passive income one day, and I said it’s very
hard. You said it sounds simple. Oh, and one day I was trying to pick up a tourist and
I was too shy to ask for her number so you told me in Hebrew ‘Sefer Panim’ (‘Face
Book’), and I got her Facebook HAHAHAHAHAHAHA! We then caught a train to go
to a club, armed with condoms, and you picked up two tourists. You gave me the
ugly one. I refused to pay for her entrance to the club. We ended up coming back
with the condoms. Oh, and when you wanted to leave and DraculaBoss’s husband
asked you for money to cover for your flight, you gave him your leather coat and told
him “It’s all I got.” HAHAHAHAHA it was hilarious! OH, AND I HAD SEX WITH YOUR
LAPTOP! AHHHH, YOUR LAPTOP, HOW IT TURNED ME ON!”
MOTHERFUCKER! I completely forgot about the laptop.
The night after we returned from the phone numbers challenge, Nave was so horny
he asked if he could watch porn on my laptop. I was half-sleeping — therefore not
coherent enough to foresee the inevitable — so I let him use it. But when I woke up
in the morning and tried to Skype with my family, I discovered the touchpad to be not
as... uhhhhmm... responsive as usual. It took me exactly two seconds to do the
math:
“DID YOU JIZZ ON MY LAPTOP?”
He initially said no, but his face told me everything I needed to know. Yes Reggie,
there is dried cum on your laptop. Nave apologized, but what can I say? There are
287Destination Poon
many high moments in life, but when a religious kid jizzes all over your touchpad,
you know you’ve reached the top. You’re making the world a better place!
Finally, because I’m so grateful to the Swedish nation and the receptiveness of their
girls to me, allow me to help out and share my thoughts. You see, it was impossible
not to notice the softness of the average Swedish man. I was stunned. It took me
only a week to discover that beautiful Swedish girls instinctively fall and respond with
enthusiasm to the charming ways of traditional, “rude” boldness. How could it be that
Swedish men didn’t catch on to this? How could it be that they don’t naturally
express a more manly behavior?
In Israel, most girls acknowledge their visceral instinct to submit to a stronger man,
and they openly demand this without the slightest hint of shame. As a result, we
have a lot of kids. But not so in Sweden. And it is now clear to my why there are so
few children per family there: Swedish women must resent giving their wombs to the
continuation of this polluted bloodline of degenerative, risk-averse, wimpy behavior.
After all, their DNA is wired to be attracted to the very same men their ancestral
matriarchs were attracted to and mated with. Barbaric, dominant, ruthless Vikings.
So, Swedish men, my message to you is this:
Growing a set of balls can save your country from extinction. And nobody wants
Swedish girls to go extinct.
288Destination Poon
How to Travel Europe with No Money
Anyone who has spent a few nights in a tent during a storm can tell you: The world
doesn’t care all that much if you live or die. (Anthony Doerr)
The real adventure in Sweden began a week after my arrival. It was night, and all the
crew were chilling outside on the patio, smoking pot. I never smoke anything, so I
chose baked wild salmon and broccoli instead. The salmon was heavenly. It’s orange
flesh melted in my mouth, a world away from the pink, bland, farmed species that I
was used to. While eating it, I was showing everyone a long YouTube video of the
Northern Lights. But why?
The daily grind of sales pitches had become unbearable, and I wanted to motivate
everybody to leave and embark on an exotic voyage together. And no instrument is
better for that than the Northern Lights. If you’ve never heard of it, put the book down
for five minutes and YouTube “Aurora Borealis.” Prepare to be amazed.
I spend the entire night trying to persuade my stoned friends into leaving this futile
job behind and join. I tell them that artificial drug sensations are nothing compared to
the real sensations developed organically when actively traveling. It’s because you
have to work for them, so they’re rooted in reality. That’s why they’re stronger and
more memorable than any hallucinogenic form of escape, which are all just a
distortion of our inner psychology. I also tell them that instead of trying to get rich
from life, we should try and live more richly, because this job sucks terribly. They all
agree. I say that he who loves money never has enough of it. As the icing on the
cake, I make them all watch Into the Wild, the Chris McCandless story, for added
inspiration.
This seems to work, because the very next day, one of the guys in the crew, Mor,
suggests we acquire bicycles and ride all the way south. Mor is a very cool ex-
combatant from the Israeli army. His plan is to reach Greece with the bicycles and
take a boat to Israel — because we can’t cross Arab borders with our Israeli
passports. This may sound crazy at first, but everyone takes it seriously and begins
289Destination Poon
to throw ideas around. Where are we going to get the bicycles? How are we going to
find tents? We have no clue. But fueled by a post-army sense of freedom, we trust
that things are going to work out just fine somehow. We’re going to venture into the
wilderness of Sweden and make it to Israel on bicycles. There’s only one problem:
WE HAVE NO MONEY.
You see, none of us has made any serious cash in this oil painting business. Our
money was spent almost entirely on food and rent. This alone makes leaving our job
a smart choice. If we aren’t making any monetary progress, might as well just
explore Scandinavia while we’re here.
So the next day, we all inform DraculaBoss and her husband that we’re going to
leave. They go ballistic and transform into such vile, despicable creatures they
actually STEAL my camera and demand that I pay for my plane ticket. But at that
time, I was so poor I just offered them my faux-leather jacket:
“It’s all I got. It cost just as much as the ticket.”
It was priceless! They didn’t want to return the camera, so everybody intervened until
there was enough social pressure on them to return it. I promised them I’d pay for
the flight once I got home and earned some cash.
DraculaBoss immediately kicks us all — except for two people, who didn’t join — out
of the apartment, onto the frosty cold streets of Sweden. We have nowhere to sleep
— and certainly no money for even the cheapest of hostels — so we end up sleeping
under a bridge in Stockholm. We’re now the happiest homeless people on the
planet. Remember the scene from Django Unchained, when the German guy
releases Django and the other slaves from their shackles? Even though they’re
homeless, they’re happy, because they’re no longer slaves. We feel the same way.
We’re now five. Myself, Mor, Yafit, Dor — a skinny hippy dude who may turn
emotionally explosive from time to time, and Bat El — a short girl with the
290Destination Poon
hyperactive energy of a squirrel. Nave didn’t join, because his rabbi advised him to
stay and make money. How Jewish! To this very day, Nave regrets not coming along.
And so we spend the first night under the bridge. Dor and Mor sleep outside in
sleeping bags, and I stay with the girls in a tent I brought from Israel. During the
night, we are woken up by the local police. But when my eyes adjust to their bright
flashlights, I see a tall policewoman with long legs and sexy blue eyes that penetrate
straight to your soul. She looks like Heidi Klum in uniform. I LOVE SWEDEN.
HotPolicewoman asks us:
“How long have you been here?”
Mor speaks:
“We were told Sweden allows travelers to set up a camp anywhere for up to twenty-
four hours.”
“That’s correct. How long have you been here?”
“It’s our first night.”
“Oh, alright. Just make sure you leave here tomorrow.”
This makes me think. What exactly is “here”? Obviously, the next city or
neighborhood doesn’t count as “here,” but at what spot exactly does it cross the
barrier from being considered “here” to “not here”? When exactly does it pass muster
as a new location? I decide to check this with HotPolicewoman:
“What if we just set up a tent over there tomorrow? Does it give us another twenty-
four hours?”
Asking that, I point my index finger to a spot about ten yards away from us.
HotPolicewoman becomes confused. She then submits to my superior intellect:
291Destination Poon
“Hmmmmm, ahhh... yeah, I suppose.”
Wow, these Swedes are naive! You can literally spend your whole life in Sweden just
by moving your tent a few yards every day!
In the morning, Mor is in a frenzy of emotions. He informs the girls that while we
have no problems with them joining, we aren’t going to be their dads, and that they
should be able to carry their own weight. This makes them freak out and leave. They
go back to the apartment, ask for forgiveness, and return to work for DraculaBoss.
It’s now only the three of us: Mor, Dor, and yours truly. Vibrant and excited about the
upcoming adventure, we spend the entire day acquiring bicycles, food, and a
cooking pot. We also mail our stuff home, so we won’t be hindered by it. A few shirts,
pants, and undies are all we need. On a trip like this, when your own body is your
means of transportation, every ounce of weight is a burden. We spend the night
crammed in a tent so small we have to sync our bodies. When one of us wants to
turn over, all of us have to turn over. I feel like we’re in the army again.
292Destination Poon
The next morning, we begin to pedal our way south. And oh boy, words can’t
describe how spectacular, stunning, and breathtaking the day is. We ride our
bicycles through the intense, vast green fields south of Stockholm. The fresh air is so
pleasant to the lungs it makes you feel as if your immune system is resistant to any
illness. The more we pedal, the more our minds begin to clear away the fog of the
city. Physiological and mental clarity take over, and we become attuned to our
senses as our minds are stimulated from every direction. This is exactly the natural
high I was talking about. And, again, unlike drugs, it takes an active effort to achieve.
We pedal for 80km (50 miles) that day. By the end of it, our butts are so sore, and
we’re so exhausted, that once our tent is pitched — we collapse and fall asleep
within minutes. The next day, we do 100km. Within a few days, we reach a new daily
milestone of 120km (75 miles). It was insane. But although it made us feel like
Mongol warriors, building up so quickly to 120km a day was a mistake. It put
tremendous strain on our knees.
293Destination Poon
The journey is breathtaking. We see sunsets hued with layers of intense orange and
vivid yellow. We stop whenever we find food, there’s plenty. Blackberry and
raspberry bushes heavy with fruit, right on the roadsides. Trees so full of apples they
can sustain the life of a village. Foraging is a little tricky. While many plants are
edible, one false mouthful and you’re dead. So we stick to fruits. Animals are less
risky, because there’s no risk of getting poisoned. But since we have no gun to hunt,
we just fish in lakes, where we pitch our tents and also bath in.
294Destination Poon
At one lake, we see a German couple skinny-dipping. Later, as I am cleaning a fish,
the girl plucks a cluster of blackberries and approaches me with a smile. She rolls
the blackberries between her fingers and tosses them to me. We all end up sharing a
great meal. Dor prepares some tea, and we all huddle together, blowing on our cups
as we take tiny, scalding sips to warm our bodies. Sweden can be cold at night, even
during summer.
Our group collapses in exactly... a week and a half.
It was only a matter of time before there were personality clashes. Mor turns out to
be too painstakingly fastidious for Dor, because he wakes us up every day at five to
eat porridge and begin riding. Dor, instead, is driven by demons. His ire can be
stoked so easily he drives those around him to despair. And my dietary fixations
seem fanatic to everyone. I was a fucking vegan back then. So we part ways in the
south of Sweden. Mor changes course and heads to the tomb of Rabbi Nechman of
Breslov in Uman, Ukraine. I continue to Denmark with Dor, pitching and sharing the
tent together in forests, and beside lakes, for a few days. When we separate, I head
295Destination Poon
to Germany.
Overall, we eked out a bohemian existence that was nonetheless rich, and it cost us
nothing but our gumption and an open attitude. We were seeing the countryside and
landscapes changing right in front of our eyes. This experience was so pure and
unfiltered by the convenience of hotels and restaurants, that years later, it still
remains one of the most memorable trips I’ve ever had.
On the flight home, I open a letter my sister Adi gave me before I left. Reading it, I
can’t help but think of how she has inherited the best genes Tribe Elya can offer. She
has the reason and intelligence of our men, and the emotional fluidity and ardor of
our women. There’s also something entirely her own, a genuine care for everyone
and everything. Her letter ends like this:
“I wish you only one thing: Never get bored.”
I then look back over the last month and realize something. There was zero
boredom. This trip was so packed with adventure it feels like it lasted for a year. So I
guess my message to you is to always encourage serendipity in your travels. It will
skew your perception of time and make your journeys feel much richer and more
substantial. And yes, while coming out of your shell may seem scary at first, you’ll be
greatly rewarded.
Now, how much did all of this cost us?
Besides paying for the flight from Tel Aviv to Stockholm, we spent money only on
cheap second-hand equipment and the food we bought in supermarkets. Although
we needed a lot of food — we burned a lot of energy — we didn’t need to buy much.
Sweden was so full of apples and berries we were feasting on antioxidants all day.
And when we did buy food, we found some crazy deals on the promotional sections
of supermarkets. Going through all this vast expanse of Nordic nature, I spent about
$500 on everything, including flights. I even got some of the money back, when I
resold my bicycle before leaving. What can I say? Best things in life are almost free.
296Destination Poon
If I had to do this trip with my current wisdom, I’d do a couple of things differently.
First, I’d base my diet on lots of good fats, instead of fruits, to have constant energy
levels and avoid the inevitable crashes of a high carb diet. Second, I’d pick wool as
my garment of choice. Wool wicks sweat away easily, keeps you warm, and never
stinks, so you can wear the same clothes over and over, rarely having to do laundry.
It’s a universe away from cotton or synthetic materials. Sweden was cold, and I
dreaded the night. Wool would have made it a lot more comfortable. Check out my
site for up to date travel gear recommendations.
Oh, and one important lesson: If you’re going to do something similar, don’t forget to
stop every once in a while to enjoy your trip. Sometimes we felt so obligated to keep
pedaling that we forgot to look around. As if we were in competition with ourselves,
trying to beat our previous day’s mileage. There were so many herds of horses and
cattle and vast green fields along the way, that when I think about it now, we should
have stopped more often.
And no, by no means should you take this story as encouragement to live like a bum.
See this chapter as spiritual nourishment for the brave and the adventurous. As
encouragement to make the best out of your current resources, trust your instincts,
and lead the life you want. These kinds of “poverty trips” will toughen your spirit and
make you less averse to risk. Now, years later, whenever I face a tough decision in
my business, or life, I always reflect back and think of Mor and Dor. What if things go
wrong? What’s the worst case scenario?
If Mother Fortuna brings it, there are always some wild blackberries to keep you
alive.
297Destination Poon
298Destination Poon
The Albanian Vineyard
The woman who is not pursued sets up the doctrine that pursuit is offensive to her
sex, and wants to make it a felony. No genuinely attractive woman has any such
desire. (H.L. Mencken, In Defense Of Women)
Remember the Somali girl I fucked on Tayeb’s bed in London? This experience was
followed by a trip to the Balkans, where I had the opportunity to visit one of the
craziest countries I’ve ever been to:
Albania.
Don’t get me wrong. Albania is a gorgeous, breathtaking land. Their north is much
more beautiful than many other places I’ve been to. But what really sets this nation
apart from the rest of Europe is their citizens. How can I say it? Though they’re
technically Europeans, they feel much more like Jordanians or Syrians. It’s an
Islamic country with a lot of poverty, a lot of dust, and a lot of donkeys. Which isn’t
necessarily bad, especially if you’re looking for an authentic cultural experience.
Unless, of course, you end up inside a vagina desired by a fanatic, zealous local.
Fasten your seat belts, ladies and germs.
This story begins in the Albanian city of Shkoder, where I end up staying with a
family who has built two dorms in their vineyard. Calling it a vineyard is maybe an
exaggeration, because the grapes they grow are only really for the family to produce
their own wine. And I don’t mind staying in these dorms, because their place is
absolutely mind-blowing. The whole yard is covered with blue grapes, colorful
flowers, and even fresh plums. It has the kind of natural feeling that makes you
instantly more peaceful. As if you’re being hosted by Mother Nature herself.
My dorm has about six beds, scattered randomly across the room. The other dorm is
half the size of ours and contains only three beds. Both rooms face each other,
forming a nice intersection that leads directly to the shrubby vineyard with its wooden
299Destination Poon
racks of entangled clusters of fresh blue grapes hanging all over. The turning point
occurs when I sit on my bed, inhaling the rich scents of freshness from the outside,
and suddenly I see a silhouette approaching from the other dorm.
Holy guacamole.
The silhouette turns up to be a Western girl with enormous boobs, a gorgeous face,
and large blue eyes that shine like dew. She screams agreeability and
submissiveness. I stare at her seductive eyes. She stares back at me with a childlike
smile. And though she’s a bit too chubby for my taste, she’s got all those delicious
feminine curves that make men drool like babies. She’s the most bangable in this
guesthouse, unless you count one of the daughters of the Albanian family. But you’d
have to be insane to do that in a Muslim country.
Turns out, EnormousBoobs is from Australia. I end up spending the next day with her
in the local lake near Shkoder. I learn that she helps the family run the guesthouse in
exchange for food and accommodation. We leave the lake when a water snake bites
her on the back, causing her to freak the fuck out. Going back to the guesthouse
happens to be a great idea, because there’s a lavish, grandiose dinner — no, feast
— ready for us.
It’s a long table laden with local delicacies. There’s savory goat cheese, label-less
bottles of the family’s delicious, homemade red wine, and big bowls of plums, figs,
and sweet blue grapes from the very same clusters hanging on the racks above our
heads. But the real star is the stewed chicken. It tastes like real chicken, the kind
that’s uncorrupted by modern farming practices. I lick with great pleasure even the
last flesh attached to the bone.
We’re about ten to fifteen travelers around the table. There’s a group of four
American girls who keep talking about women’s rights. One of them is Asian. I try to
open lines of communication by telling her about my trip to Asia and about my
genuine affinity for Asians. But she becomes enraged:
300Destination Poon
“OH MY GOD, YOU’RE SO RACIST!”
Turns out, Asian Americans are vastly different than real Asians. But what the fuck?
Why is she so sensitive and explosive about something that clearly wasn’t meant to
be offensive? Answer: The world’s apparent chaos is only a reflection of our own
inner turmoil. I always say, never quarrel with folly. But this time I go out of character:
“Aren’t you Asian?”
“I’M ASIAN AMERICAN!”
“Is your DNA Asian?”
“Of course!”
“THEN YOU’RE ASIAN!”
“OH MY GOD, YOU’RE THE MOST RACIST PERSON I’VE EVER MET!”
Well, I’ll be fucked. This bitch needs to google racism.
You see, people from my nation have all kinds of origins. African, Middle Eastern,
European, Asian, Latin. We all joke about it. Yemenis are cheap. Tunisians have big
butts. Iraqis are hairy. Moroccans are angry. Polish are cold. Russians are drunk.
Nobody freaks out in fear. It’s just a part of our cohesive social fabric. Forget about
fanatic Arabs trying to destroy us — if everyone in Israel reacted the way
AsianAmerican does, we’d all kill each other in a weekend. So I tell AsianAmerican
not to be angry. And while most people in Asia are extremely generous and
easygoing, this only seems to ignite her further:
“BUT I’M NOT ASIAN!”
“You should relish and cherish your origins. What in your racist mind is so wrong with
301Destination Poon
Asians that you don’t like to be grouped with them?”
This is Reggie’s Art of Social Jew Jitsu in action. I flipped the script and parried her
negativity by redirecting her own poison right back on her. Remember — never get
defensive. People don’t fancy a weak man. To win the argument, simply redirect the
attack and put the attacker on the defensive. He who is on the defensive loses.
“Haaa... hhmmm... I don’t...”
I interrupt her sentence:
“Besides, Japanese and Koreans have the highest average IQ in the world. You
should be proud. You’re the most likely to be the smartest person in this room.”
“IQ means nothing! Everyone’s equal!”
Bitch, come on.
I tell her that while everyone may deserve to be equal in rights, we certainly aren’t
equal in our natural strengths and tendencies. This only infuriates her group of
friends, who are now all joining the little argument to reinforce AsianAmerican’s
kumbaya beliefs. As they talk, I am baffled by their naiveté. How can people from
America — probably the most advanced country on the planet — ignore reality so
blatantly? American readers, you’re welcome to email me any possible explanation.
Winner gets to spank the ass of a feminist in a public ritual of cleansing.
Now, I wouldn’t mind all this had it been only AsianAmerican. By herself, she’d be
nothing but a temporary wave of bullshit. But together with her friends’ defective
psychologies, they were a mega tornado spitting out ignorant nonsense in all
directions, threatening to destroy Nature’s delicate balance and contaminate our
brains. So after they vent and tell everyone how awful and racist I am, I inform them
loudly that:
302Destination Poon
“You should take a deep, honest look at yourself. If I told you that the Earth is flat,
would you argue with me? Of course not. You’re so fanatic about these equalist
ideas because deep inside, you doubt them. People are never so dedicated to ideas
they have full confidence in.”
This seems to sink in slowly, because silence takes over the room. Know those
moments that seem to stop time? It was one of those. Everybody stares at me. I
stare back. These self-righteous American girls here are the biggest prudes on the
planet. When people have dogmatic opinions, it’s usually their unresolved inner
bitterness projected outwards. It has nothing to do with the world, but everything to
do with themselves. And though I advise them to take a moment for some deep self-
observation instead of engaging in this toxic behavior, it’s futile. People naturally
perceive things in a way that is consistent with their beliefs, true or not. One of
AsianAmerican’s friends, a feminist girl with a glare so evil she would make Gollum
flee in terror, proves it:
“IT DOESN’T CHANGE THE FACT THAT YOU’RE RACIST!”
I shift my head and look back at AsianAmerican.
“Look at my eyes, and now look at yours. Aren’t they different?”
AsianAmerican answers:
“Sooooooooo?”
“Now look at our skin color. Mine’s a bit olive, your’s a bit whiter. Right?”
“What’s your point?”
“Do you agree that there are some physiological differences, molded by millions of
years of evolution?”
303Destination Poon
“Yes, but we’re mentally equal!”
“If we have such obvious physiological differences, why are you surprised we have
some hardwired psychological differences too?”
The girls look confused now. Unable to logically react. They respond the way I
expect them to, by raining some more of their gospel. These American girls are the
embodiment of the prudery and hypocrisy of the West. Disguised by a mask of open-
mindedness, modern equalists are the first to recoil violently when you come up with
something fundamentally different from their beliefs. Their mind is open to all ideas,
except to those opposed to their philosophy. These people suck so much creative
energy from the world I wonder how many opportunities for invention and greatness
we all miss by devoting attention to their acrimonious rants.
Things quickly heat up, and the American feminists become loud and obnoxious.
Now all the table’s attention is on us. Everyone’s looking! We have spectators! It’s a
public battle now, and no way Reggie the Sexorcist will be giving a group of
atrocious, resentful bitches the opportunity to have their hands on top. I ignore their
ranting and address AsianAmerican’s friend, EvilFeminist:
“Do you wanna get married one day?”
“What?”
“Do you want to have kids one day?”
“WHAT DOES THAT HAVE TO DO WITH IT?”
I smile,
“Then instead of being so sullen and angry, get yourself a husband and pop out
some babies. Science shows that nurturing a family makes a woman fulfilled. Maybe
it will fix you.”
304Destination Poon
“YOU ARE SO SEXIST!”
How cute. These livid feminists make me want to go back home and settle down. It’s
hard to lead a positive life when you’re surrounded with negative people, and for
some reason the international travel trail seems to attract a lot of these batshit crazy
types. Wait a sec, what does that say about me? Oh, fuck.
One of the woefully annoying feminists then launches into a sermon and asks me
why I can have as much sex as I want while she’s expected to raise a family. I tell
her that she can do whatever she wants. But I also tell her that promiscuous,
relationship-averse women are unstable and self-destructive emotional wrecks with
unresolved childhood issues. I tell her that because an egg is much rarer than sperm
— and because of a concept in biology called “parental investment” — men have
evolved to be better emotionally equipped to deal with promiscuity. The sex with the
highest risk and investment in bearing a child is always the choosier sex.
My playful, insightful banter fills their eyes with rage. The spectacle is awesome.
We’re giving the crowd a show! EvilFeminist tries to lash out at me, but I refuse to
put up with another sanctimonious pronunciamento from a dumb feminist. I interrupt
and inform her that:
“I’ll tell you exactly what happens to girls like you. You end up cheating on your polite
man with some rude Middle Eastern guy like me.”
EvilFeminist stares at me in contempt. One of the guys in the table, a relaxed
Norwegian psychiatrist in his late thirties, joins our argument. It is clear which side
he’s on:
“I actually agree with him. It’s like our girls in Norway. They say they want us soft and
gentle, but then they cheat with some barbaric Italian.”
The feminists are now extremely upset. It’s not usual for them to be put down by an
305Destination Poon
established, educated man like this Norwegian psychiatrist. The deeper but
instinctive wisdom that women have a strong desire to be dominated by a strong
male seems to threaten their identity, perhaps because they aren’t attractive enough
to gain the commitment of such a man. They then prove my point that a woman’s
core nature is fundamentally more emotional — childlike some brave people would
say — than a man’s. They stand up in fury and storm off the table in defeat.
I AM THE KING OF THE DINNER TABLE.
Everybody roars in excitement, laughing about this bizarre, charged scene that has
just ceased to exist. There are no more long diatribes. Peace takes over the feast
and the atmosphere becomes cordial again. Everyone smiles and gets back to their
delicious steamed chicken. That’s a good lesson that will later serve me well in life:
Be careful when surrounded with angry feminists in a social event. For if not exiled or
silenced early, their core bitterness and mental ill may infect everyone around,
attempting to make romantic love and normal conversations harder to attain.
At the end of the meal, everybody heads back to the rooms. The humiliated
American feminists have raided the second dorm like a group of chimps. Repulsed
by their presence, everybody moves to my dormitory instead. After all, nobody wants
to taint themselves by association with the mentally ill. And though I am happy for
their companionship, the increasing number of roommates is another obstacle to my
ultimate goal:
AUSTRALIAN POON.
You see, this testosterone-fueled argument only made me more horny. So horny, in
fact, that I couldn’t fall asleep without putting the beast in me to sleep. So when the
lights were turned off and silence took over the room, I decided to make a move.
Everyone had gone to sleep already, because we were supposed to wake up very
early and sail the magnificent Lake Komani. So it was a good opportunity. And what
better way to walk my talk than to have sex with the most luscious girl in the
306Destination Poon
guesthouse right after being such a racist sexist?
So, in the darkness of the room, I first try to gauge the environment by staring to my
left. On a single bed, I see NorwegianPsychiatrist exhaling fumes of homemade wine
with his mouth open. EnormousBoobs sleeps next to another girl on a double bed.
They’re a few steps away from me. I lean closer and whisper:
“Psst! Psst! You awake?”
Her big, blue eyes then open up and a moment of erotic silence bonds us. She
stares at me from across her bed like a tigress in her mating period. There’s only one
word she mumbles:
“Yes.”
I smile naughtily. She smiles back. I feel obligated to bust a move because I’m a
man. Our beds are very close to each other, so I move myself until my head is above
hers. We then kiss. I feel like Spiderman in the first movie, when he descends from a
web and kisses Mary Jane. I tell EnormousBoobs to come over to my bed. She
complies. But like all women, she has a fear of being seen as a slut. So she
approaches slowly, trying not to wake anyone up. She then sits on me and we begin
to make out. I tell her that I prefer to go outside because everyone else is asleep.
The truth? I WANT TO FUCK IN THE VINEYARD.
We scuttle outside in silent steps and begin to look for a nice, hidden spot in
between the bushes and grapevines. But something unexpected catches us:
“WUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUFFFFFF!”
FUCK.
The family’s dog begins to bark so loudly EnormousBoobs seems to be taken by a
307Destination Poon
momentary panic. But I’ve always had a good connection with animals, so I come
closer, pet the dog, and feed it with... blue grapes. I am literally standing there,
collecting sweet grapes from the vines hanging loose above me, and feed the dog
for a few minutes. Albanian dogs must be just as deprived as the locals, because the
dog eats them all! I pluck a cluster of grapes and leave it on the ground. I hope the
dog now likes me and will reciprocate the favor by not barking.
I then walk back to our hidden area. It’s a narrow space between two wide, dense
bushes. It’s also fairly close to the main entrance of the property, which is locked at
such a late hour. I look around. Everything is completely dark, so dark we don’t even
worry about the family spotting us through the windows. I then push EnormousBoobs
down to my crotch. She takes my pants off and wraps her lips around my cock with
passion. Fuck, imagine this:
You’re in a faraway nation, an exotic earthly land filled with the scent of grapes and
plums. It’s a dark night with a full map of stars above, and there’s a beautiful
Australian face blowing your dick, looking at you with her big porn-like eyes. Her
huge pair of tits hang loose, swinging from left to right and right to left to the rhythm
of her lips. How’d you’d feel? I personally cherished the moment, plucked grapes
from the bushes, and munched on them as EnormousBoobs was sucking my dick.
It’s what dreams are made of! She was kneeling on the earth with my cum dissolving
in her mouth while I was standing on two legs, feasting on luscious grapes. I bet I got
the better flavor.
Fifteen minutes later, I flip EnormousBoobs over and begin to penetrate her while
she’s lying on her bare back against the grainy earth. She begins to moan deeply. So
deeply, in fact ,that I have to hold my palm against her mouth because I don’t want
the Muslim owner to come out and behead us for violating the sacredness of his lush
garden. This intense, scenic sexual session makes me jizz spectacularly. But when I
unplug and get myself off EnormousBoobs, she grits her teeth.
“What’s up?” I ask.
308Destination Poon
She then shows me her back.
OH. MY. GOD.
I thought her loud noises were the result of my irresistible masculinity. I was wrong.
Her whole back was covered in small, grainy dents. There were scratches and
bruises from brushing against stones and other sharp objects when my body weight
was thrusting on top of her in the missionary position. What can I say? Love can be
painful.
I tell EnormousBoobs to go back to the dorm, saying I’ll be back in ten minutes so
that the owner doesn’t suspect anything. I want to stay alive. She then heads back to
the room, and I am left there in an almost surreal scene. I am shirtless. Above me is
an amazingly starry sky. I pluck clusters of fresh grapes and enjoy them to the
soothing touch of the breeze. It’s such a spectacular, mesmerizing feeling that I just
sit down on a wooden stool and eat grapes till I’m full. I even share some with the
dog. When I head back, my blood is so full of antioxidants it can cure humanity from
every illness.
The next morning, we all wake up early and hop on a boat to Lake Komani. It’s a
magnificent lake with cloudy mist and green limestone outcrops scattered all around.
Absolutely beautiful. When I leave the group a few hours later, I hug
EnormousBoobs goodbye and head off to Kosovo. But in the evening, there’s a
message on my Facebook:
“REGEV FROM ISRAEL I KNOW YOU FUCK HER 2-3 MIDNIGHT UNDER TREE
FIGS IN MY GUESTHOUSE SHE IS PROSTITUTE I FOUND CONDOM OUTSIDE
NOW EVERYBODY WILL KNOWS SHE IS WHORE!”
HOLY CRAP.
And yes, everything was in CAPITALS. Apparently, my slipshod, post-coital self had
left the condom right there in the bushes. I sent a message to EnormousBoobs,
309Destination Poon
warning her against returning to his place. She told me he had a crush on her. I don’t
think she ever returned, but this all left me with a deep, insightful realization:
Travel forces you to study yourself by eliminating habits and possessions from
home. Like a lighthouse in the dark, it illuminates your true self and core values. Are
you made from the right substance? Will you accept challenges of greatness? Will
you be reckless enough to bang a girl desired by some fanatic man, in his own
property? If so...
Never leave any latex evidence behind.
310Destination Poon
Reggie Gets Raped
And Von Neumann gave me an interesting idea: that you don’t have to be
responsible for the world that you’re in. So I have developed a very powerful sense
of social irresponsibility as a result of Von Neumann’s advice. It’s made me a very
happy man ever since. (Richard Feynman)
Go get yourself a relaxing hot beverage before you sit down and read this chapter.
Also — to really appreciate the whacky bizarreness of it — keep in mind that all
events occur within a twenty-four hours window. Some of you will surely find this
story too hard to believe, but what can I say? Reality is often crazier than fiction.
This story begins in Siem Reap, Cambodia when me and my French buddies Swan
and Matthieu go to Garden Village Guesthouse after a thrilling night you’ll read about
in the next chapter. We go for two reasons. First, to celebrate life with cold mugs of
Angkor beer. And also because I still hadn’t booked a place to sleep in, and it’s the
most famous guesthouse around. I rarely book accommodation in advance, because
I want to have the flexibility to change plans whenever a new unpredictable
adventure grabs the reins of my attention. This gives travel the elasticity to mold and
reveal itself organically, which makes it all ten times more exciting.
That’s exactly what happens this time. Because Garden Village happens to be fully
booked. Trusting Mother Fortuna to work the circumstances in my favor, I remain
calm and hang out in the guesthouse’s porch to enjoy our time and beer. I’m not
worried, because I frequently find myself without a room at late hours — yet
somehow I always end up in one. Translation: On the travel trail, sluts are
everywhere.
And what happens this night in Garden Village is quite amazing. Apparently, we
arrive with an aura so contagious and energetic we seem to attract people from all
directions. Know those moments when you’re in the zone and feel so fucking upbeat
that everyone seems to be drawn to you? Like at your birthday party, for instance?
That’s how this night feels. Soon enough, we end up around a big table with five
311Destination Poon
other French travelers. And guess what? They invite me to stay with them because
they have an extra mattress on the floor. Jackpot! Who knew? There are actually
good French people in this world.
What I didn’t yet tell you is that one of the French travelers at our table is a sexy girl
with big greenish eyes, an amazing firm body, and an overall sexy French look. The
kind of youthful, curvy, and chiseled appearance that gives you an instant boner
kebab. But in her eyes, I also recognize something melancholic. Emotional issues?
Like so many French girls, she must have had an abusive childhood. Translation #2:
We’re going to fuck.
Soon, her eyes glow in admiration when I show her photos from my travels. I feel like
Charles Darwin back from the Galapagos. Nobody in the group is her boyfriend, so I
take her outside to a bench where we engage in conversation and light touches. Half
an hour later, a German traveler comes to sit next to us and attempts to steal
SexyFrench away from me. Nice try, bro. I give her a look that says “what a creep”,
stand up, and begin to walk away. SexyFrench, afraid to lose her exciting trophy,
immediately follows me. The more scarce you are, the more people want you. I give
a slight, dominating wink to the German dude. I am clearly a better man.
Reggie the Uncockblockable. Reggie the Sensei of Social Jew Jitsu. Reggie the
Sexy Motherfucker.
After two hours of wandering around, when I decide that SexyFrench and me are
emotionally bonded enough to have sex, I let her lead us back to her — no, our —
room. I’m supposed to stay at her place, remember? Once there, I discover a large
woven bungalow made out of straw and bamboo. She opens the delicate door.
There’s a complete, dark silence. Her friends, two couples, are asleep on their two
beds. There’s also an empty one at the corner, and the mattress on the floor. Without
saying a word, SexyFrench sits on the mattress, letting me have her bed.
From the vantage point of her bed, she looks like a Syrian refugee on that mattress.
And I’m about to bang that refugee. But first, to amplify all emotions, let’s add some
312Destination Poon
scarcity to the mix. Let’s deliver a last Social Jew Jitsu trick. What I do is simple: I
whisper “Good night” to her. Not because I’m going to sleep, but because it’s always
a good idea to snatch yourself away before unleashing your lust. Never forget,
warriors of testicular prowess:
Always keep her in mystery. Always keep it ambiguous. Push cold, pull hot.
The moment that follows is one of my favorite moments in the world: intense sexual
tension. There’s a pregnant silence of about five seconds, where we both just stare
at each other. And right when SexyFrench turns to cover herself with the sheets, I
take a few steps forward to kiss her for the first time. She feels emotionally and
physically lubricated for penetration, because she’s completely receptive. We make
out for five minutes and our genitals begin to brush against each other. There’s only
one issue — SexyFrench moans too loud:
“AAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!”
At first, I try to keep her quiet. But she’s too passionate. She’s like a suppressed
tornado of sexuality, a cyclone of delicious pheromones and intense fervor. So what
do I do? Wake up the French travelers who very generously allowed me to share
their room? Of course not. That’s what Italians do. I have another idea...
I scuttle SexyFrench silently to the corridor outside, where we enter a shared
bathroom. With our clothes now off, I turn on the water to mask the sound of her
moans. But... FUCK. Cambodia rarely has hot water in showers, and I am hit with a
stream of cold. By now, you should know there’s nothing I hate more. So I turn
SexyFrench around and lean her against the cold marble wall in an angle that
protects me from the water. She’s my human shield now. Hey, if you want to fuck me,
you have to give something too.
I begin to pound SexyFrench from behind as she goes back to moaning. It’s
mesmerizing to watch her generous tits bounce and swing from side to side to the
rhythm of my cock. I guess every cliche has some basis in reality, because
313Destination Poon
SexyFrench is everything I have ever expected from a French girl. The girl screams
passion. But...
THE WATER IS FREEZING.
I find it extremely hard to concentrate, because her body doesn’t block all the water.
She’s like the Iron Dome in Israel. Yes, it blocks 99% of incoming rockets, but the
few that manage to slip through are enough to ruin the day. Every few seconds, I get
cold shocks from the water that hits her body and then bounces onto mine. Fuck it. I
take a short respite from pounding and try to reposition her in a way that guarantees
100% protection. But like condoms, there’s just no 100%. No matter how I rearrange
the environment — the shower head, SexyFrench’s body, myself — freezing droplets
still bounce onto me. Eventually, I just turn off the water and minimize the moaning
noise by covering her mouth with my palm.
After we’re done, we head back to the room. Before I enter the mosquito net on the
top of my bed, SexyFrench asks me for my Facebook so that we can stay in touch
and perhaps meet later somewhere in Asia. She doesn’t join me on the bed because
she must be reluctant about the idea of her friends waking up to the sight of her
spooning a guy she has just met. Why don’t I offer her the bed? It’s a good question.
And I don’t have an answer.
It’s already very late. And since this post-coital exhaustion only intensifies my need
for sleep, I quickly fall into unconsciousness.
Zzzzzz...
Zzzzzzzzzzzz...
Zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz...
Now yes, travel is richly and densely stimulating and I have always lived for unique
experiences. I’ve always lived for meeting insightful new people, seeing new places,
314Destination Poon
trying exotic new foods, and learning useful new skills. But nothing — literally nothing
— could have prepared me for what comes next:
SLAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAP!
When I hear and feel it for the first time, I am sure it’s all just a part of some wild,
twisted dream. Perhaps just a mosquito that slipped into my net. But I quickly begin
to grasp reality when it lands on my cheeks again:
SLAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAP!
That’s when I open my eyes for the first time.
OH.
MY.
GOODNESS.
The room has been deserted by the Frenchies, and there’s an...
ASIAN GIRL AN INCH AWAY FROM MY FACE!
How crazy is that? You went to sleep only an hour or two ago, your sense of
judgment is so clouded you can barely separate dreams from reality, and you’re
suddenly awakened by slaps in the face. When you open your eyes, you discover
your room is empty of everyone who had occupied it when you went to sleep, only
now there’s an Asian girl... an inch away from your fucking face. Seriously, what the
fuck? My senses return instantly, as if in some survival instinct of self-preservation:
“WHO ARE YOU?”
I stare at her, completely bewildered. Come on, Reggie, she’s a woman. She can’t
315Destination Poon
possibly hurt you. But how did she even get in here? Where is everyone else? And
why the fuck is she slapping me? Looking at her face also tells me something else:
She’s either drunk, high, or very likely both. Her voice then comes out:
“I LOVE YOU! I LOOOOOOOVE YOU!”
Holy crap, she’s also trying to grab hold of me, but I shove her away. Remember,
Reggie, remain unflappably cool under pressure. Resist impulse and use common
sense. I try to do just that:
“WHO ARE YOU, AND HOW DID YOU GET IN HERE?”
This doesn’t help.
“I LOOOOOOOOOOOOVE YOUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU!”
Well, I’ll be fucked. Seriously, what is happening? In a moment of clarity, I do the
math and realize what must have happened. The group of French travelers were
supposed to go to Laos today. So they probably woke up really early and in a rash
decision left the bungalow’s door unlocked, allowing this crazy chick to slip inside. I
lose patience:
“GET THE FUCK OUT OF HERE!”
This is one spunky, rebellious girl, because she keeps trying to touch me — talking in
some strange language with red, unblinking eyes that creep the shit out of me. Is she
possessed by a demon? I push her away again, but she resists. Eventually, I grab
her elbow and drag her outside into the corridor, immediately hopping back inside as
I lock the door behind me. Shocked, I return to my bed and quickly fall back to sleep.
Was it all a fucking dream?
Zzzzzz...
316Destination Poon
Zzzzzzzzzzzz...
Zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz...
No, Reggie, no it wasn’t. A strange voice now emerges from outside the bungalow:
“OPEEEEEEEEEEENNNNNNNNNNNN!”
I am tired, so I ignore it. The door is locked anyway, so she’ll surely give up and
leave in a moment or two.
“OPEN! OPEEEEEEEEEEEEEENNNN! I LOVE YOOOOOU!”
This all happens when I’m drifting between sleep and consciousness.
Zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz.....
“I KILL YOU, OPEN!”
That’s enough. The bungalow’s delicate door is then pounded so hard it begins to
bulge out. Remember, it’s made out of bamboo and straw so it should be easy to
break. I get up on my feet again, shake my head in disbelief, and drag one of the
other beds to prop against the door so that it blocks it. I then go back to sleep. I am
so tired I can easily fall asleep even with a construction tractor revving its engine
next to me.
Zzzzzz...
Zzzzzzzzzzzz...
Zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz...
In my sleep, I have short half-conscious moments where I can hear CrazyAsian
317Destination Poon
shouting in a symphony of incongruent nonsense:
“I LOVE YOU!”
“I KILL YOU, MOM!”
“I LOVE YOU! I KILL YOU!”
Eventually, I wake up. Not because of her noise, but because...
FUCK.
ME.
SIDEWAYS.
SHE’S ON MY DICK NOW.
As I open my eyes, I find CrazyAsian literally on top of my crotch. Lying on the bed,
astonished, I glance at the bamboo door to see if she had torn it off the hinges.
Instead, there’s a giant hole in the door’s bottom. And a KNIFE on the floor. This girl
literally broke into my bungalow with a knife so that she could rape me. Welcome to
my life, enjoy your stay.
Now, what do I do? Remember, Reggie: Always remain resilient, calm, and
imperturbable. Master your primal instincts and keep a serene tranquility even in the
midst of turmoil. I then forcefully release the clamp of CrazyAsian’s hands, shove her
off of me, and storm out of this defective bungalow. Wearing only my undies, I arrive
at the reception. There are a bunch of travelers there. They all look at me as if I have
just escaped from a zoo. I inform the receptionist that:
“THERE’S A CRAZY GIRL TRYING TO RAPE ME IN THE BUNGALOW!”
318Destination Poon
The receptionist and the travelers are all staring at me in disbelief. They’re all
puzzled. Who is this crazy guy in undies? I explain myself:
“Look, I know it sounds crazy, but there’s a drunk girl in my bungalow. She cut it
open with a knife and has been trying to get all over me for the last hour when I was
sleeping. I have no idea who she is, but you go up there and check it out. And please
get me another room so I can sleep.”
Still doubtful of the truth of my shocking tale, the receptionist walks away and leaves
me at the reception. Everyone stares at my tight underwear. I smile broadly, because
my morning glory is still proud and firm. I tell them to remain alert because there’s a
dangerous vermin in the guesthouse. And a few minutes later, it happens:
CrazyAsian is dragged downstairs squirming like a wild serpent, her arms gripped by
two Cambodian employees. Everyone now stares at me. Was this guy actually
serious? When she’s thrown out of the place, the receptionist comes back and looks
at me in shock:
“I’m so sorry, sir! I saw her last night and thought she was a tourist from Laos. She
was with a group of British guys. They probably drugged her.”
The owner of Garden Village then arrives and begins to apologize over and over,
compensating me with a key to a private, luxurious bungalow on the other side of the
property. Free of charge. I appreciate his genuine effort, thank him, and go back to
sleep in my new place. So, happy ending, right?
Not so fast.
My French friend Swan returns at noon. I love his playful spirit. It’s an important thing
to have in a travel buddy, who can make or break your trip. Always avoid chronic
whiners and energy-draining pessimists, and instead stick to positive, realistic, and
fun people like Swan. When I tell him what happened, he is amazed. So amazed,
that I actually have to walk him up to my previous bungalow to show him the hole in
319Destination Poon
the door so that he believes me:
“THIS IS CRAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAZY, REGGIE!”
When he leaves, I go back to sleep. I’m still exhausted. In the past hours, I haven’t
approached something that even remotely resembles a REM cycle.
Zzzzzzzzzzz...
Zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz...
Zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz...
Time to wake up again.
BBBBBBBBZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZTTTTTTTTT!
Holy. SHIT. I wake up to a rhythmic, scary sound of what I can only describe as
electric waves. And no, CrazyAsian isn’t back with a stun gun. This is much worse. I
open my eyes and can’t believe what I’m seeing. There is a hell, and it is here in
Siem Reap. My new bungalow is a huge place with a private shower, a big king-size
bed and a lot of space. And there’s also a big electricity box right inside. An electricity
box that is...
ON FIRE.
FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUCK!!!
I instinctively grab my few belongings and escape the room in terror. I arrive at the
reception again:
“MY BUNGALOW IS ON FIRE!”
320Destination Poon
The very same receptionist is there, and he again looks shocked. Only that this time
there’s no disbelief. After what he had witnessed last night, anything is possible. He
quickly rushes to the scene, and returns ten minutes later with the owner at his side.
The owner speaks:
“I’m so sorry. We fixed the fire, but there’s no electricity in the room now. Let me give
you another night for free.”
Strangely, I accept that. This guesthouse is like an unstable chick at the beginning of
a relationship. You get so attached to the hot sex and emotional rollercoaster that
you ignore every obvious flaw.
When Matthieu and Swan later come over, they’re in complete disbelief when I show
them the soot on the seared electricity box. Swan can’t believe I was almost both
raped and burnt in the past few hours. He begins to laugh hysterically, exclaiming in
his thick French accent:
“HAHAHAHAHAHA HOW CAN THESE CRAZY THINGS HAPPEN TO YOU,
REGGIE?”
Matthieu and Swan soon offer to go hit a local nightclub and win some pussy.
Problem is, I didn’t expect them to show up so I washed my only set of clothing an
hour ago, and it’s still wet. But will I decline an opportunity for greatness like this? Of
course not. What I do is, I let Swan morph me into a Buddhist monk. He shaves my
head completely and ties white sheets around me. It works, if you can overlook that I
don’t look Asian and that my robe isn’t orange. And we soon hit the club. The night
turns out to be awesome, and because I barely drink, I have the benefit of
remembering everything with great clarity. This is how it went:
We walk into the club. Swan and Matthieu laugh hysterically. Everybody looks
confused. I tell everyone to:
“KNEEL BEFORE THE WHITE MONK OF SIEM REAP!”
321Destination Poon
Some people are confused. Some erupt in laughter. There are two sexy Italian girls
at the corner. One of them has fake boobs, so I approach her with a smile. She
clearly can’t recognize genius when she sees it, because she turns away in fear.
Either Italian girls can’t take humor, or their egos are just as inflated as their boobs.
Who cares? There are so many girls around I better invest my time in clients who are
more likely to convert. Like...
BRITISH GIRLS. Among the sluttiest of all travelers.
The next thing I know, I am dancing with two sexy British travelers from my
guesthouse. They keep talking about my handmade costume, taking photos of
themselves kissing my bald head. I give one of them the key to my bungalow,
because this means she’ll come and look for me later.
BAD MISTAKE.
My night turns out dry, and I come back empty-handed. But where the fuck are the
British girls? I lost them. And I’m not sure my key had any number on it. I go to the
reception and get a spare one. But I wake up in the morning to a nice view. One of
the British girls is on my doorstep! She’s beautiful and short, with chiseled features
and big boobs, just the way I like. Her eyes glow in excitement, and she hands me
back my key:
“We went looking for you everywhere last night!!!”
“Good job, you’ve found me.”
“I wish we could stay, but our bus comes in twenty minutes.”
Ah, well, maybe next time. I give her my white blanket, signed:
“With great love. Reggie the White Monk of Siem Reap.”
322Destination Poon
When she leaves, I think about the last twenty four hours and begin to reflect back
on my life. If reality is the result of our past thoughts, what kind of fucked up thoughts
could have possibly led me to be almost raped and burnt? I do not have an answer.
But I do know that Mike Tyson was right when he once said that everyone has a plan
until they get punched in the mouth. But was Dagobert Runes just as right when he
said that people travel to faraway places to watch, in fascination, the kind of people
they ignore at home? I’m not sure. For all I know, I had never had a girl in Israel
breaking into my home to rape me. My advice:
If you’re going to travel, expect lots of unfamiliar circumstances to push you out of
your comfort zone. But if you ever waver in your resolve, think of your brother
Reggie. What would he do? In him you will find the inner strength to overcome
difficulties and be reminded of the single most important thing in life:
Resist the urge to assume the best of any woman. She just might come back with a
knife later.
323Destination Poon
Reggie the Tomb Raider
Civilization comes at a cost of manliness. It comes at a cost of wildness, of risk, of
strife. It comes as a cost of strength, of courage, of mastery. It comes at a cost of
honor. Increased civilization exacts a toll on virility, forcing manliness into further
redoubts of vicariousness and abstraction. (Jack Donovan, The Way of Men)
Remember when I told you a very thrilling event led to the previous story? This
chapter is about that event. But let me first ask you this: What could have possibly
happened that was causing me to walk into Garden Village Guesthouse with such an
alluring aura that it got me a free room from a group of strangers, plus sex from their
hottest chick? And why didn’t I have a room booked so late at night?
I’ll now explain everything.
It began when I first met Swan and Matthieu in Battambang, Cambodia. They were
helping me raise funds for that poor village, and we became such good friends that I
followed them — catching a ride on the back of a construction truck — all the way to
Siem Reap. Swan was a strong, brash kid, full of brag and fight, a bolt of life with the
nonstop energy of an ADHD toddler. Matthieu was a relaxed, adventurous man with
shaggy hair and an unkempt hippy aura. They were both studying stone carving and
working at it in Siem Reap. And because this place is home to the famous Angkor
Wat temples from the Tomb Raider movie, I was excited to visit. Matthieu suggested:
“You know, it’s much more beautiful at dawn, when everybody leaves.”
His words were dangerous, because they instantly planted a contagious seed in my
mind:
“Why don’t we just go and spend the whole night there?”
They both smiled. It was this reckless mindset that bonded us right from the
beginning. And it was much easier to adopt this invincible, irreverent state of mind
324Destination Poon
when there were the three of us. Matthieu began analyzing:
“The police officers leave their spots to evacuate the tourists at six in the evening.
They return back to their post in about thirty minutes.”
The possibilities excited me:
“Does that mean we have half an hour to infiltrate the place?”
“Yes.”
No more words were needed. We were going to do it. But to move swiftly enough
and avoid the police officers, we needed bicycles. So we went and rented four bikes.
Four, because they also brought a French girl along.
All on wheels, we now felt like The Fantastic Four, pedaling our way to the temples.
The French boys were leading the way because they knew the place better than any
foreigner around. They had been living there for six months, so they knew all the little
shortcuts through the forest. Shortcuts that looked so untouched it seemed like
nobody had ever been there. Half an hour later, we were standing by the entrance to
the vast Angkor Wat site, hiding behind a dense cluster of trees as we wait for six
o’clock to appear. This is how our adventure went:
5:46 p.m.
Matthieu takes out his Khmer dictionary and begins to practice his skill in the
Cambodian language, a skill we would later discover to be priceless. The dialect
sounds unique and exotic, so I attempt to listen and maybe learn something.
However, I quickly lose track when his words begin to resemble a baby rhino in
distress.
5:53 p.m.
325Destination Poon
I look up at the overcast sky, preparing my mind for action. Swan has been talking
nonstop in French for the past five minutes. He was probably making fun of
something, because FrenchGirl can’t stop laughing. She clearly has no idea what
she’s getting herself into. I wonder if they have ever told her of our plan.
6:02 p.m.
This is our time.
We all look at each other, giving nods of approval. Swan then peeks through the
trees and confirms to us that the main area in front of Angkor Wat is clear. This is the
area where you can usually find police officers aggregating. They must have gone
inside to evacuate the throng of tourists and photographers.
Realizing it’s our opportunity, we then begin to pedal so rapidly and intensely I feel
like Lance Armstrong on steroids. It takes about a minute until we fly past the police
officer’s guard encampment. Adrenaline has clearly worked its magic, because we
all give out victorious battle shouts.
6:12 p.m.
There’s a deep, tantalizing orange hue to the sunset that we now enjoy. All around,
there are temples scattered across a very vast landscape. We’ve pedaled for the
past ten minutes, and we now find some dense bushes and trees where we can park
and hide our bicycles from view. Next to them, there’s a fine looking temple.
Matthieu says it is Baphuon, one of the original temples of the ancient Angkorian
empire. It looks safe to stay in, because it seems to be under renovation. There are
red and yellow ribbons all around it, some of them labeled “Under Construction,”
some of them “Unsafe to Climb.” As a result, there are zero police officers or tourists
around.
This is going to be our spot for the night.
326Destination Poon
6:19 p.m.
We begin to climb the first set of stairs. Shortly after, we’re blocked by a “CLIMBING
FORBIDDEN” sign. We do the mature thing and climb over it. But there’s another
obstacle. The stairs all look broken, and the only way to continue climbing is to lift
ourselves through the large stones on the outer temple walls. Each of them is quite
tall, so we have to exert some serious effort to pull ourselves up. Still, fifteen minutes
later, we reach the top. And the view is so mind-blowing, so breathtaking, we just lie
down and stare at the stars that begin to scatter across the sky.
We made it.
7:36 p.m.
It’s completely dark now, with no light around other than the sky above.
More than an hour later of hanging out on the top of the temple, we get our first clue
that this temple, after all, may not be as forsaken and remote as we assumed. Right
from there, we can hear the sound of heavy rustling in the leaves, coming directly
from the spot where we hid our bicycles. There’s also the voice of a man speaking
Khmer. I can’t understand a word, but the voice begins to speak louder. Matthieu is
the only one here who can understand Khmer, so I shift my head and look at him.
This looks bad. Real bad. He says:
“I think this guy found our bicycles! He must be one of the patrolling officers.”
First, we respond by remaining silent and pressing our bodies against the cold stone
surface of the temple’s top. Does it help conceal our presence? I hope. But
nonetheless, the more silent we remain, the louder and more threatening the voice
becomes. I carefully peek through the stones and see the guy for the first time. He’s
dressed in a navy blue uniform, wielding a flashlight he projects on the temple to try
and spot the intruders.
327Destination Poon
I also use this precarious vantage point to analyze the entire area like a hawk. I tell
everyone we have to get the fuck out of here without being spotted. They all nod in
agreement. We then begin to carefully crawl across the top, trying to reach the
temple’s far corner from where we can descend the massive blocks of stone we had
climbed earlier. We keep ourselves tightly pressed against the surface to avoid being
hit by the flashlight’s wide beam. We stop every few moments, trying to predict its
path. It feels like a video game, only with a real “Game over.”
07:54 p.m.
With our hearts pumping, we manage to crawl to the opposite side of the temple. But
instead of beginning to descend, we collect ourselves in a narrow niche in between
the stones of the top surface. FUCK. The officer has circled the temple, and is now
searching for us right below, about ninety feet away. Hiding there for the next fifteen
minutes, we figure this spot is so well-hidden he will soon just give up and leave the
place.
We are wrong.
The officer keeps yelling, continuing to circle the temple as he shines his light on it.
How the fuck can a flashlight be so powerful? It may be small enough to wield in his
hand, but it has the lumens of a helicopter spotlight. The kind they use to spot
missing people in the forest from above. I’m not exaggerating, it’s that powerful.
08:02 p.m.
Still trying to find a way out, we watch as the light keeps moving around. We then
face another unexpected problem: FrenchGirl. She has been quiet the whole time,
probably suppressing her fear by being soundless. But now she begins to panic,
whispering:
“GUYS WHAT DO WE DO?”
328Destination Poon
I look at her and whisper back:
“Don’t worry, the officer will eventually leave and we’ll get down.”
But no such luck, and the adrenaline rush we had earlier pales in compassion to the
upcoming frenzy. Not only does the officer remain there, but... BACKUP ARRIVES
ON MOTORBIKES. It is then when I begin to grasp the magnitude of the situation we
have gotten ourselves into.
Each officer is armed with his own super flashlight, they all begin to illuminate
different sides of the temple at the same time. By the number of beams, I conclude
there must be four or five officers. We can hear them speak at the bottom of the
temple, so the sounds help us determine our course of action. But then, all hell
breaks loose when FrenchGirl bases herself around a gigantic stone, curled up like a
prisoner in shackles, crying hysterically:
“AHHHHHHHHHHHH MY BOYFRIEND DON’T KNOW BOUT THIS, HE GOING TO
KILL ME!”
I tell her, “If he dumps you, you can always have Swan or Matthieu.” But it doesn’t
help. I have to admit, the spectacle of an adult female in panic is quite amusing.
08:19 p.m.
Unsure how to proceed, we realize the beams prevent us from taking any action.
They change so quickly and randomly they’re impossible to predict. But then, a
stroke of Reggie Genius hits me: Why won’t we descend through the temple instead
of down its sides? There must be a way from the top to the inside. Swan whispers to
me:
“REGGIE, YOU’RE THE ARMY GUY HERE, WHAT DO WE DO?”
329Destination Poon
I now feel responsible and say:
“WE SHALL FIGHT ON THE BEACHES, WE SHALL FIGHT ON THE LANDING
GROUNDS AND THE FIELDS AND THE STREETS AND THE HILLS! WE SHALL
NEVER SURRENDER!”
I then point over to a dimple in the center, signaling everyone to mimic me as I show
them how to crawl army-style, tightly pressed against the ground to minimize the
chance of being spotted. But FrenchGirl makes everything ten times harder. She
begins to uncontrollably weep again:
“AHHHHHHHHHHH MY BOYFRIEEEEEEEEEEEEEEND!!!”
I stare at her unblinkingly and press my index finger against my mouth. SHUT THE
FUCK UP! I then signal her to keep crawling. And we all soon reach the dimple. But
DAMN. There’s no way through it. Everybody now crawls back. Matthieu is the first
to come up with a different plan:
“Guys! Come here!”
What could he have possibly found? I crawl in his direction, curious to find out.
And... VOILA! This fine Frenchman has found a neat way down. It’s in a totally dark,
abandoned corner on the east side of the temple. The beams seem to be far
enough, so we slowly begin to descend, trying not to slip and smash our skulls open.
Fifteen seconds later, we’re a level lower, at the base of a gigantic stone pillar. One
of the officers must have heard something, because... HOLY SHIT! He’s on his way
to us with his flashlight and a series of loud yells.
We immediately curl like fetuses and hide behind the pillar. We look at each other
silently, completely frozen. With our mouths locked and hearts racing, we cross our
fingers for this officer not to advance any further. Because if he does, he’ll surely find
us. We’re now directly above him, about sixty feet high. There’s nowhere to hide. If
his light hits us, we’ll be on our sure way to a third world jail, where food is scarce,
330Destination Poon
and where people sleep on the floor, rape each other for fun, and wipe their asses
with their hands. But Mother Fortuna favors us tonight. The officer just keeps fixating
his flashlight on the upper level, right above us. He must think we’re still there. I
signal the others to remain radio silent, because from this height, any sound —
especially whispers — can be heard from ground level. I learned this many years
ago in the Israeli army. After a few minutes, the officer turns around and goes away.
Phew! This gives us one precious moment, and I urge everyone to act fast:
“Quick!”
We descend further, reaching another lower level. There are construction ribbons
everywhere. Examining my surroundings, I find a pile of flat wooden planks that
seem to hide some kind of a hidden passage. I crawl inside and find a place so dark
it feels like an ancient catacomb from an epoch of war in the distant past. But even if
we do get buried here under this Angkorian temple, it will surely be a more honorable
ending than rotting and getting gang-raped in a Cambodian jail. Everybody follows
me inside.
A moment later, I am struck by a primal fear when I take a wrong step and end up
with my feet dangling in the air, no foothold anywhere. It’s like in the movies, when
you see someone taking a misstep, beginning to fall into a hole, miraculously
grabbing hold of a ledge as they dangle from side to side, holding on for dear life.
But I glance down and see a lower surface right below, so I release my hands. I
probably made some noise, but this level is sealed from every direction. By then, my
eyes are well adjusted to the pitch darkness. I can see shadows and shapes clearly.
And since I see some wooden planks connecting our level to a lower one, I call my
fellow three Musketeers:
“Come on, you sons of bitches! Do you want to live forever?”
We begin to descend, climbing down from one plank to another. It feels insanely
dangerous, because every new foothold brings a new cloud of dust that curls into our
nostrils and threatens to choke our lungs. This place must have been abandoned for
331Destination Poon
months. It’s a cramped third world construction zone with dusty wooden planks,
hazardous nails, and whatever else is hiding from our view at this darkness. And
remember, we’re surrounded by tons of huge stones. I feel like it all may collapse
under our weight at any moment. But what choice do we have?
After descending two more levels, we see no more wooden planks. We only see a
small ray of light. What is it? It’s not one of the beams, but an organic kind of light. I
look ahead in curiosity. WHOO-HOO! Guess what? It’s the light of the moon and the
stars, coming from a narrow passage leading out. We’re at ground level!
Swiftly, we all begin to move toward the outside. Once facing the exit of the passage,
I take a look at the starry sky. It’s spectacular. And it feels safe, because all the
beams still seem to be directed at the top surface of the temple. We then slip onto
the grass. Ah, fresh air! There’s no time to spare. We can hear the officers talking to
each other somewhere nearby. I can’t understand a word in Khmer, but I can surely
understand when someone isn’t happy. They certainly aren’t. But FrenchGirl, instead
of remaining silent, begins to panic again:
“AAAHHHHHHH THEY GOING TO FIND US!! MY BOYFRIEEEEEND NOT
FORGIVE ME!!”
We’re lucky nobody hears her this time. I urge everybody to a nearby block of stone
a yard or two away from us. We all hide behind it, struggling to remain hidden. A
beam of light comes close now, about ten feet away. FUCK. Remember, Reggie:
Always master your flux of emotions. It’s never a good idea to let extreme emotions
— positive or negative — dictate your decisions. So instead of reacting, we just stay
behind the block of stone until the officer walks somewhere else. I then take a look
around, trying to spot any potential path of escape. Lo and behold:
There’s a bridge connecting the Baphuon temple to the main dirt road. It’s kind of
suspended in the air, supported by a colonnade made out of very short columns of
stone. I urge everybody to silently scuttle and crouch under the bridge, and hide at
the base of the pillars. This long narrow space is shaded by the bridge, so it
332Destination Poon
conceals us. There’s no way in hell they’ll even suspect us of hiding beneath it,
because it’s so short only a toddler could stand here upright. But we can’t complain.
This path may just take us out of here, so we embrace it with all its flaws.
This space under the bridge is about forty yards long. The short stone columns are
on each side, supporting the bridge above, so there’s a narrow passageway between
them. When I think about it, it’s not really a bridge as much as it’s a suspended stone
platform. But does it really matter? What does matter is that each column is placed
less than a yard away from the next one. To make it the whole way unseen, we have
to silently cross the space between each set of two consecutive columns. Every
column provides perfect camouflage because it’s shaded, but the space between
them may expose us. And we do it flawlessly, because the next thing you know we’re
almost at the end of the colonnade. I turn around to congratulate everyone for their
good performance, but I then see that...
SWAN IS MISSING.
Holy fuck. I struggle to remain hidden as I peek through the short columns. Where
the fuck is he? I quietly whisper twice into the abyss:
“Swan! Swan!”
Two bright eyes then stare at me from the grass like a tiger. It’s him, about ten yards
away, peeing on a piece of what must have been a very sacred stone at some point
in the past. I urge him back:
“NOT NOW, MAN!”
“I COULDN’T HOLD IT ANYMORE!”
I look around. The area is clear. The lights are still fixed on the temple. Fuck it, I can’t
hold it anymore either. My bladder is so expanded it has lost every bit of elasticity. I
slip outside the columns, unzip my pants, and join Swan for what must be one of the
333Destination Poon
most relieving pees I’ve ever had. I stand there literally for a good minute, pouring a
steady stream of urine out onto the sacred ground. We then hop back into the hidden
passageway. We continue to hop forward and eventually reach the end of this
colonnade, right by a large pond near the main dirt road.
OH, FREEDOM! FREEDOM AT LAST.
We walk a little further until it’s safe enough, and genuine smiles of relief spread
across our faces. We feel invincible. We feel unbreakable. We feel like silent ninjas.
Ever had one of those moments where you and your friends are so exulted with joy
you begin to physically beat the shit out of each other? Yes, no? Well, that’s what me
and Swan do for the next few minutes, pushing and head-locking each other. Swan
erupts in jubilation:
“WE DID IT! WE FUCKING DID IT!”
Even FrenchGirl is finally relieved. But the icing on the cake came an hour later.
Throughout all the excitement, our bicycles were commandeered by the officers. So
we circle the area — walking silently, with no lights, using the smoke billowing from
their fire as our compass — until we arrive at the entrance to their camp. We play
good soldiers, not renegade rebels, and Matthieu tells them we had lost our bicycles
earlier today. Remember, their camp is very close to the main Angkor Wat entrance,
so it looks as if we just arrived from the outside. And though they act very suspicious
at first, we’re now so far away from Baphuon that they just relent and give them back
to us. Once again, acting stupid is sometimes the smartest ruse.
10:28 p.m.
We’re back in Garden Village guesthouse. Completely thrilled and upbeat about our
nightly survival, we soon find ourselves sharing a table with five other French
travelers. One of them is a sexy girl with a firm body and ethereal, greenish eyes.
The guesthouse is fully booked, they ask me if I want to stay in their room, and...
334Destination Poon
You already know the rest.
335Destination Poon
Reggie Milks Burmese Women
Don’t ask me why; I don’t know why. I just know that the Tradition is always right.
(The Alchemist)
When I was in Myanmar in 2011, the country was still locked in a bubble. There was
no McDonald’s. No Starbucks. No nothing, really. It was completely isolated from the
rest of civilization. And the government? It was so tyrannically narcissistic it was
illegal for locals to just even mention the word Burma, Myanmar’s previous name.
There was one good thing though, and that was their censored internet. It was so
slow it was practically useless. Why was it good? Because nothing snaps your mind
out of adventure like constantly going on Facebook or checking email when you
travel. It traps your brain and gives you you a false sense of home, pulling back old
patterns of thought that interrupt the gradual process of learning. Travel is all about
embracing our vulnerabilities and venturing into the unknown so we can return better
and wiser, an improved version of ourselves.
So in Burma, or Myanmar, I was happy for the opportunity to be completely
unplugged for a month. Only there was something else going on in the country:
CORRUPTION.
And lots of it. Let me give you a little mental exercise just to show you the magnitude
of corruption in Burma back when I visited. Imagine this:
You land in their capital’s airport and go to exchange some cash so you can grab a
taxi to the city. The official rate is 6 Burmese kyats for every 1 American dollar. You
exchange only a little bit, knowing from experience that you’ll find a more favorable
rate in the city — even though you’ve heard Burmese citizens can be thrown to jail if
caught exchanging money. Still, you find a few brave ones in the city willing to give
you the unofficial rate. It’s the rate that reflects the local economy more accurately.
So if the government gives you 6 kyats per $1, how many kyats will the street
336Destination Poon
changers give you? What rate did I personally get? Think about if for a second and
make your best guess.
I’m waiting.
...
7 kyats?
Take another guess.
...
9?
Go a bit higher.
12?
A little more.
...
20?
35?
40?
How much?
Prepare to be shocked. While government officials give you 6 kyats per $1, I
managed to haggle with street changers to give me... drum roll, please:
337Destination Poon
900 KYATS PER $1!
Insane. Right after getting my kyats, I sat down in a local eatery and had a large
tasty bowl of soup for 1800 kyats. So while it cost me $2, it would be a $300 soup
had I been naive enough to exchange all my money in the airport. Welcome to
Burma, ladies and gents. Prepare to be fucked.
So fucked, in fact, that the three European travelers I shared a taxi with from the
airport were all ripped off heavily by the same street changers I had used. These
changers deliberately gather around you in a mess, trying to confuse and touch you
from every direction. That way, they can perform some sleight of hand tricks and give
you less for more. I sensed this and grabbed one of them until I could count my cash
and force them to give me the chunk of kyats missing from the total. Motherfuckers,
did you really think you could outsmart and swindle a Jew?
Besides the exchange rates, there were other interesting things in Burma. The
highlight was something much more rejuvenating, something that was enough by
itself to justify a trip to the country:
NAKED TITS.
Wherever you go — no matter what part of the country — expect to be welcomed by
nude, luscious boobs. They’re everywhere. All belong to young Burmese women
breastfeeding their gentle babies. It’s beautiful. While Western girls reach the ripe
age of twenty and busy themselves with women’s rights and the pursuit of their
lifelong dream of becoming a nuclear engineer, Burmese girls are equally occupied
with breastfeeding, building a family, and going through life with a wide smile.
So when I was on a thirty hour ferry ride in Burma, with three hundred locals, my
conversation with the only other foreigner — a Scottish doctor — naturally swayed to
breastfeeding. But what started as an easygoing discourse about mammary glands,
colostrum and conjugated linoleic acids quickly turned into a hot wager. This is what
338Destination Poon
happens when two adult men are surrounded by too many naked pairs of boobs on
an old clunky boat.
Our wager begins when I tell ScottishDoctor that:
“The real singularity era will be when the Dark Age of Infant Formulas collapses and
is taken over by an aeon of breast milk and truth. Let’s drink to that with some fresh
titty milk!”
“Man, there’s no way you can convince a woman here to give you breast milk.”
Ah, that’s what they always say. And I always end up proving them wrong. But he
does have one good point:
“They can’t even speak English here!”
Fuck it, Reggie. Embrace the challenge and take charge of your destiny. Don’t let
doubts dissuade your mammary mission. You can and you will convince some
woman to give you some of her breast milk. I tell ScottishDoctor I’m going to prove
him wrong. I immediately begin to approach breastfeeding strangers on our swirly
ferry ride:
My first target is a local woman lying on the ferry’s floor as she breastfeeds a baby
girl. The only problem: Her husband is right next to her. I look around to gauge
possible complications. Voices begin to speak in my head. Her husband’s Asian,
Reggie. He’s Buddhist. He must have a peaceful soul. He won’t do anything.
Besides, there are some dudes around in military uniforms. They’ll protect you.
Alright, alright! I’m going in.
For the next half an hour, I sit next to them and attempt to summon the most creative
body language and artistic skills in my possession. I draw a pair of titties on a piece
of paper and use my body to animate the gestures of someone drinking from a cup. I
don’t want to point directly to her boobs, because that would surely be offensive.
339Destination Poon
Asians are smart, so I’m hopeful they can connect the dots. But all they do is laugh
shyly. Before trying again, I decide to build some emotional rapport with the family by
playing with their four kids. Fifteen minutes later, I use my drawing and gestures to
ask for milk again. But this is one tough audience. The woman is so shy her cheeks
become as red as a ripe apple. This breastmilk challenge is tougher than I thought.
But alas, Reggie! Man up and plow forward. You know you can win this feat.
I smile and thank the family. I leave to seek other innocent, breastfeeding women. I
run the same lines, drawings, and gestures to persuade my new targets to give me
some of their lathery, golden liquid milk. I fail spectacularly.
NOBODY WANTS TO GIVE ME BREAST MILK.
ScottishDoctor soon leaves when the ferry stops by the banks of a remote village.
He’s going to provide medical help to locals there. I promise to him to complete our
sacred quest. After all, a sense of progress toward a compelling future is all it takes
to keep a man happy and motivated. I tell ScottishDoctor that every no happily
progresses me closer to the yes that I seek, to the breastmilk. He responds with only
five words:
“PICS OR IT DIDNT HAPPEN!”
His words transform me into a creature as unquenchable as the sun. I will do
whatever necessary to win this. I will climb steep mountains. I will cross raging rivers.
I will fight every angry husband until my lactose-tolerant mission is complete. I will
get breast milk.
I spend my time on the ferry alternating between long naps on the floor and gorging
myself on small bowls of rice noodle soup from the eatery. I soon give up on my
persuasion attempts because all the female passengers onboard seem to be good
village girls. I suspect the women in the big city are going to be better targets.
340Destination Poon
The ferry eventually stops in Mandalay, a big city in Burma. When we arrive, the first
thing I do is go find some decent food. The ferry’s noodle soup — though delicious
— was thin and far from satisfying. I look around for somewhere to eat and soon find
a small restaurant. I go in. JACKPOT! Inside, there’s one of the most beautiful Asian
women I’ve ever witnessed. And she has a baby! Here’s a photo of her:
Obviously, seeing the baby in her arms excites me. If I’m going to drink breast milk
from a Burmese chick, it might as well belong to Miss Burma herself. But my hopes
are almost crushed when her dodgy husband arrives with two of his dodgy friends.
They all look like criminals, wearing dark, eye-shadowing glasses. Her husband
removes the glasses. There’s a soulless expression on his face. I look at
SexyBurmese and him. It’s the classic, cliche pair bond of the infamous stone-cold
sociopath and his sexy, adorable wife. So... what do I do? What would you do? Give
up the opportunity? Just walk away in fear? Fuck it. I will milk this beauty.
A stroke of Reggie bravery hits me and I begin to psychologically navigate the group
341Destination Poon
of SexyBurmese and three sociopathic men. I spend five minute befriending her
husband just to make sure he doesn’t feel threatened by me. I basically talk only to
him while ignoring and showing an obvious disinterest in his wife. An aura of
friendship soon radiates between us, and that’s when I bring out the piece of paper
with the titties drawing, the one from the ferry. In my attempt to cajole SexyBurmese
to give me some of her breast milk, I again make the gesture of drinking. They all
laugh. SexyBurmese’s eyes glow. I think she likes me. But my sense of hope
shatters when she gestures to me with her hands that her boobs are too small and
can barely produce milk.
I feel...
Lost.
Broken.
Defeated.
Am I going to leave Burma and never walk proud again? Am I going to fail?
ScottishDoctor might have been right, after all. Perhaps this challenge is indeed too
much. With these thoughts in mind, I thank SexyBurmese and her husband. It also
reminds me of my amazing grandmother Evonne. She breastfed many of the babies
in our neighborhood when their moms weren’t able to produce milk. I guess it does
take a whole village to raise a child. I decide to forgive SexyBurmese for all her
mammalian flaws.
I sit down and reflect. I feel like a Jewish Rocky Balboa when I tell myself that the
world ain’t all sunshine and rainbows. That it’s a very mean and nasty place, and no
matter how tough you are, it will beat you to your knees and keep you there
permanently if you let it. That it ain’t about how hard you hit, but about how hard you
can get hit and keep moving forward. In this frenzy of inspiration, I scrape myself off
the ground and continue with my newborn (!) quest for colostrum. A man with respect
never quits. A man with respect never surrenders to mediocrity. A man with respect
342Destination Poon
never gives up his delicious cup of breast milk.
It then seems like Mother Fortuna herself comes to my rescue, rewarding me for my
persistence and grit. Because a local Burmese girl enters the small restaurant, and
I’m shocked when I discover she can speak English in a country so locked off from
the rest of the world. Immediately, I capitalize on the opportunity and tell her about
my quest. My excitement must be contagious, because she says:
“I can help! I know a pregnant woman.”
Ten seconds later, she begins to tread along the road outside to the far corner of the
street. She seems to go toward a poor woman holding a basket of fresh red slices of
watermelon on the top of her head. Ah, the beauty of the Third World. While Western
women give spectacular head and get their melons jizzed on during one night
stands, Burmese women carry melons on their heads to support their families.
Here’s a photo of her:
343Destination Poon
For the next few minutes, HelpfulBurmese talks to WatermelonLady in the corner.
Teeth clenched and nails bitten, I patiently wait and pray. Oh, Burmese idols of
Buddha, please make it happen. I am very thirsty. SexyBurmese, her husband, and
his two friends are still there, smiling at me. They understand what’s happening. A
truck full of Burmese locals then screeches to a stop right by the restaurant, blocking
the conversation of HelpfulBurmese and WatermelonLady from my view. But soon,
HelpfulBurmese emerges from the corner and strides back to me. But...
She doesn’t seem to carry any cup of breast milk.
Fifteen seconds of walking across the street later, HelpfulBurmese is back at the
restaurant, standing right in front of me. She smiles. Why is she smiling? I look at
her, unsure. I then get my answer. From behind her back, she brings out one of her
hands. It holds a small cup the size of a short espresso. I take a look inside.
HOLY CRAP!
IT HAS FRESH, CREAMY, LOCAL BURMESE BREAST MILK!
I DID IT! I FUCKING DID IT!
344Destination Poon
Concerned that HelpfulBurmese might somehow lose her grip, I grab the cup, take a
picture, and pour the titty milk down my throat. The wager is over. SexyBurmese and
her husband erupt in cheers of jubilation. The restaurant’s owner begins to clap
excitedly. HelpfulBurmese laughs and takes my camera to document the moment.
The photos will later serve as proof for ScottishDoctor.
And the flavor? Surprisingly delicious. Much sweeter than I thought it would be. It
tastes like a warm Chai tea with honey, only with an exotic fruity aftertaste to it. It’s
actually fucking good. HelpfulBurmese says it must be because WatermelonLady is
vegan. I feel a need to reciprocate, so I go and buy three slices of watermelon. I’m
also thinking, if she’s vegan — does it make her milk vegan too? That’s a
philosophical question for another time. For now, allow me to just dwell in my
success with great creamy relish, and quote Steve Jobs:
Stay hungry, stay foolish.
345Destination Poon
346Destination Poon
The Condom Necklace
But enough about me. Let’s talk about you. What do you think of me? (C.C. Bloom,
Beaches)
There’s something I didn’t tell you about my time in Siem Reap. The day after
surviving the fire and the Asian rapist, I was again sitting with Matthieu and Swan on
the porch of Garden Village Guesthouse. We were enjoying three frosty glasses of
Angkor beer, watching the orange sun disappear from the sky and being replaced by
the darkness of night. Right there on the porch, there were also some Irish travelers
playing pool. While the night was calm for everybody else, our own heads were still
upbeat. Swan was thrilled:
“MAN, I STILL CAN’T BELIEVE ALL OF THIS HAPPENED!”
“You were sure we were gonna get caught, weren’t you?”
“IT WAS CRAZY!”
And then it hit us. Our tongues instantly dropped as if by some magical force. For a
moment, we felt frozen in eternity, stuck between the fabrics of space and time. You
see, we might have seen plenty of beautiful vistas on our travels, but nothing comes
close to what was now in front of us:
It was a captivating, Italian-looking specimen of a girl with an alluring aura of
refinement. Carrying herself in a histrionic, childlike fashion, she had a pair of
juvenile braids resting on her shoulders. I swear to God, she was born to provide
pleasure. She looked, felt, and smelled like a porn star. She sashayed over to the
pool table in tight black leather pants. Believe me, when you’re on the travel trail for
months, nothing gives you a powerful boner like a sultry girl in tight leather. This girl
was so exquisite she created a vortex of attraction that made all males on the porch
freeze in awe. Swan leaned in and whispered to me:
347Destination Poon
“FUCK, MAN! SHE SMELLS LIKE SEX!”
Immediately, I went and talked to her:
“Give me one guess: Italian.”
“French!”
“Do you eat frogs?”
“It’s a myth, we don’t really eat frogs in France.”
I wasn’t really listening. I was fixating on her amazing boobs. After a short pause,
she continued:
“So... where are you from?”
“The lank of milk and cute honeys.”
“ISRAEL?”
“Yeah.”
“Oh my God! I’ve always wanted to visit Israel! I’m a pastor!”
“What’s that?”
“It’s like a rabbi, only for protestants.”
“You mean prostitutes?”
“Hahahahaha don’t say that!”
348Destination Poon
“Jewish women can’t become rabbis. And even if they could, I’m not sure they’d
dress like the Catwoman.”
She laughed, and we kept flirting for ten minutes. But then, somebody else joined
our conversation. It was a man. HER HUSBAND. It was so fucking strange. Although
he seemed to have joined us because he saw me checking out his wife, HotPastor
began to tell him about my passive income and peripatetic life, and he quickly
became hooked, asking me gazillion questions. There was glow in his eyes. A new
fan!
“YOU’RE THE MOST INSPIRATIONAL GUY I’VE EVER MET!”
Bad move, brother. Look up to another guy in front of your girl, and you’ll only drive
her into his arms. It’s not her fault. As any biologist will tell you, the female loins are
genetically programmed to crave the best, most exciting and powerful genes out
there.
We ended up hanging out together for three days, volunteering with Cambodian
children and chilling out on the porch at nights. And no, I didn’t fuck her. When they
left, Swan was disappointed:
“MAN, I AM SUUUUUUUURE YOU COULD FUCK HER EASILY!”
“Her husband is a fan! I felt bad for him.”
“FUCK HER HUSBAND! LOOK AT HER ASS!“
Swan is a classy man. But guess what? I’ll soon make him proud. Because when I
was traveling the Balkans — a year later — I received a Facebook message from
HotPastor. Apparently, she was now divorced and told me she wanted to come visit
Israel, asking if she could stay with me.
Translation: Karma pays off.
349Destination Poon
I sent a message to my parents, and they picked up HotPastor from the train station
the next week. They let her stay in my old bedroom until I returned from the Balkans
a few days later. Israel is different than the average Western country in this way that
it’s normal for people to stay with their parents until they get married. Now, imagine
this:
You return home from a long journey to one of the most beautiful yet scarred regions
in Europe. Exhausted, you greet your family with hugs and kisses and go to take the
steamy shower you’ve craved for months. Wrapped in nothing but a towel, you then
go to your old bedroom and discover — in your bed — that stunning Frenchie you
met a year earlier in Cambodia. How awesome is that? How would you feel if an
exotic girl from your travels was waiting for you in your fucking bed? I felt like
Leonidas in 300, when he comes back from battle. I had an epiphany:
When your product is truly great, you’ll eventually no longer have to pitch it.
Likewise, when your lifestyle is truly attractive, you’ll eventually stop pursuing
women. They’ll start pursuing you instead.
The day I returned, I took HotPastor to a local bar on the beach in Haifa. My friend
Muli and my cousin Karin — an engaged couple back then — joined us. It was a
chilled out bar with wooden benches and big pillows. I liked it. There was a nice,
salty breeze coming from the Mediterranean sea. Muli tried to remain aloof at the
sight of the new, exotic meat. But he soon leaned closer and whispered in my ear:
“WHERE DID YOU FIND THIS... MASTERPIECE?”
I began to tell him everything, even about her husband. That I felt a little bad for him.
I spoke in Hebrew, of course, so she won’t understand. Muli is one of my most loyal
oracles, so he began to help solve the conflict:
“How long did you know her husband for?”
350Destination Poon
“Three days.”
“Three days?! You MUST fuck her! There are no girls like this in Israel.”
Alright, alright!
“It’ll probably happen anyway. How can I sleep next to her without doing anything?”
“Message me a smiley face when it happens.”
When we went back home later, HotPastor began to give me a massage. It took less
than ten minutes for me to be overwhelmed with lust, so I flipped her over, and we
began to make out in passion. Ten minutes later, I was inside of her. Sorry,
HotPastor’s husband, your wife was too hot, and you showed me too much
admiration. When I finished, I grabbed my cell phone and sent Muli a smiley. I put
the phone back on the floor and banged her once more. I then sent Muli another
smiley. HotPastor began to ask me all kinds of annoying questions:
“Are you a player?”
TRAP ALERT. If you say yes, she’ll feel in danger. If you say no, then you’re a
chump. The best reply is always to keep it vague and funny:
“I love playing FIFA.”
This line never fails me. But I was wondering, why is she asking me this question
after we had sex? Looking back, this should have been my first sign of trouble.
Anyway, we ended up fornicating like two rabid animals over the course of the next
three weeks. I’m talking about five times a day. I began to like pastors. Sex all day?
What a beautiful religion those protestants have! But there was something about this
girl — something I couldn’t exactly put my finger on — that just didn’t feel normal. In
a way, she didn’t feel human. She said and did such fucked up things that I just had
351Destination Poon
to write this story. Drum roll, please. Here are my three weeks hosting and banging
HotPastor in our Holy Land:
In our first morning, my mom prepares breakfast for us. We feast on it voraciously.
HotPastor talks to my dad. The good flavor of Israeli food inspires me to give a big,
bold burp. HotPastor responds by squirming uncomfortably in surprise, disgust and
shock. I smile back at her and say:
“Welcome to Israel, baby!”
After our meal, we return back to my room. HotPastor tells me:
“Don’t think I’m an easy girl. I don’t know what happened yesterday. I never sleep
with guys so quickly.”
“Don’t try to bullshit a Jew.”
“No, really...”
“How you do anything is how you do everything.”
“Ahhh... it’s not my fault you raped me!”
“WHAT?”
“I didn’t want to have sex yesterday.”
“Didn’t look like it. Why didn’t you resist?”
“Many women can’t say no when a guy tries to have sex with them!”
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA IS SHE FOR REAL?
352Destination Poon
“If women aren’t able to say no, how the fuck are we supposed to know they don’t
want it? Take responsibility for your life.”
She then launches into ballistic mode:
“MEN ARE PIGS! YOU USE OUR INNOCENCE TO HAVE SEX WITH US LIKE
WE’RE A PIECE OF HAM!”
Holy fuck. Remember, this happens less than a week after arguing with the feminist
cunts in Albania. The last thing I need now is another degenerative unit of their
species. So after HotPastor finishes her tirade and dogmatic sermon about women’s
rights and feminism and all this crap, I fixate my gaze on her and present an
interesting philosophical dilemma, one that exposes the stygian mongrel that lives at
the unstable flux of impotent rage and hypocrisy at the heart of feminism:
If women aren’t responsible enough to make proper choices, shouldn’t we all treat
them like children for their own protection? Shouldn’t we help them cross the road?
Shouldn’t we take away their driver’s licenses and voting rights? Shouldn’t we keep
them at home for their own safety? If women are too irresponsible to grant consent,
wouldn’t it be “equaaaal!” to assume men are just as irresponsible to comprehend
consent?
Loophole Status: EXPOSED.
Of course, HotPastor doesn’t know what to say, so she explodes emotionally:
“YOU’RE CLOSE MINDED!”
I quote Steve Taylor:
“You’re so open-minded that your brain leaked out.”
“YOU DON’T KNOW ANYTHING ABOUT FEMINISM!”
353Destination Poon
“I do know that our DNA expects a more primitive environment. And it’s not a feminist
one.”
“WE LIVE IN A DIFFERENT WORLD TODAY!”
“You’re a prisoner in time. Your genetic coding is designed for social structures that
differ little from that of our spear-wielding ancestors. Working in accordance to that
coding, and not against it, is the secret sauce for a good life.”
“YOU SHOULD GO AND LEARN ABOUT FEMINISM!”
“Learn what?”
“IT’S REALLY NOT WHAT YOU THINK!”
“Take breastfeeding for example. Do feminists breastfeed? Replacing breast milk
with formula can really mess up the child’s development. We’re mammals. It’s what
our DNA expects. I’ll never marry a woman too lazy to breastfeed.”
“THAT’S DISGUSTING! WE’RE NOT COWS! WE’RE NOT IN THE JUNGLE!”
Reggie the Milker of Truth. If breastfeeding your baby is a barbaric act, then I’m
wondering who here is the true barbarian — people like HotPastor, or the traditional
people they call savages? I tell her:
“Why do you think you’ve got titties? Believe me, they’re not only for me.”
“BREASTFEEDING ISN’T BETTER THAN FORMULA!”
“Hidden estrus, or concealed ovulation, should be your first sign that women are by
nature self-deceptive. You should never trust either yourself or your Feminazi
sisters.”
354Destination Poon
“YOU’RE JUST TOO PRIMITIVE!”
I suppose this is how feminists react when confronted with ideas completely opposite
to the false ideals they have constructed in their sickly minds. I decide to share
advice:
“If you want to be a wife and a mother one day, you better be cooperative with your
man and not act like an enemy combatant.”
“I DON’T WANT MY FUTURE KIDS TO BE THE CENTER OF MY LIFE!!”
Holy fuck. Did she just say that?
“WHAT?
“I WANT TO HAVE TIME FOR MY POLE DANCING LESSONS!”
Guys, lets me give you one advice: If you ever find yourself with a girl who’d rather
pole dance than take care of her kids — pump and dump and never look back.
Unless you want a lunatic whore as your wife. I quote Robert Frost:
“Dancing is a vertical expression of a horizontal desire. Stop this crap and get real.”
“I DON’T WANT TO HAVE A FAMILY ANYWAY! IT’S A MAN’S WORLD! I SAW IT IN
THE ARMY!”
“Were you in the army?!”
“Six years! I was looking for a family, but I quit when I realized that women aren’t
welcome there. Nobody made me feel like I was in.”
I decide to teach her another dark truth:
355Destination Poon
“Guys don’t want you in, they only want themselves in you.”
She has nothing to say, of course, so she counters my argument by... having sex
with me. After we’re done, some inner turmoil inspires her to pour it all out. She
begins to tell me — in vivid detail — all about her abusive childhood. HOLY SHIT!
Who is this girl? She says:
“I’m afraid to do to my kids what my parents did to me.”
“What’s that?”
“My parents never loved me. When I didn’t do my homework, they used to smash my
head against the table.”
WHAT THE FUCK? Here I am, in my bed, with a hot French pastor, listening to
violent stories from her childhood. How can parents be so cruel? And more
disturbing, how can she pour her whole life out to someone she barely knows? Were
she average looking, she’d be gone from my life right after infusing my room with
heaviness. But she’s hot, and my little homie wants more of that pussy. One of the
other things she says:
“I never wanted to have kids until I met your family. I never knew a father could be so
loving to his wife and kids.”
Where the fuck does she come from? Most dads, at least the ones I know, are
genuinely good, loving men. France can’t be that bad, can it? I don’t know what to
say, so I respond by quoting Theodore Roosevelt:
“The woman who shirks from motherhood is as low a creature as the pacifist man
who shirks his duty as a soldier.”
She looks at me hollowly and says:
356Destination Poon
“I’m afraid to have kids with you because I don’t want you to love them more than
you love me.”
Seriously, WHAT THE HELL? Why would I ever want to have kids with you? Where
is Ashton Kutcher? Am I getting punk’d? Somebody must be somewhere behind a
curtain here. Someone must deliberately be trying to fool me with these lightning
bolts of mindfuckness. This can not be real.
Nonetheless, our day continues with explosive, ravenous, unbelievable sex. We
have so much sex that a stroke of curiosity inspires me to do something: I decide to
collect every single used condom over her time here so that I can measure and
quantify the amount of sex I can possibly have in three weeks. Something inside tells
me it’s a great plan. I immediately collect every used condom from the floor and
shove it in an old, weary backpack on the top of my closet. I go to sleep with a
special feeling. The next weeks are going to be legendary.
The next morning, I stretch before having sex twice more with HotPastor. Two more
condoms to my collection! In our post-coital glow, HotPastor tells me about her
studies. I don’t really care, but she keeps rambling. She’s had so many degrees and
so many years of studying that I lose count. Why would any sane girl ever put herself
under so much pressure to perform? Answer: HotPastor is not sane. During the day,
I sense a queer pattern emerging:
Literally every single time we have sex — HotPastor will randomly and suddenly get
this unexplainable look of terror on her face. She’ll then stop moving and ask me in a
confused, shocked voice:
“OH MY GOD, DID I HURT YOU?”
It’s the creepiest thing ever. It’s like her brain can’t objectively pick up my facial and
vocal cues and translate them for what they are — pure joy, and not pain. And
whenever this happens, I have to calm her down and assure her by SWEARING TO
357Destination Poon
GOD that I am not in pain. Is this real? Yes, Reggie, yes it is. I take a look at my
backpack at night and discover a dozen condoms inside. Note to self: Good work.
During her time here, I take HotPastor to my grandparents’ house, Tribe Elya’s
headquarters, whenever the whole family is there. This happens a few times a week.
HotPastor can’t understand why I refer to my uncles as family, or why we’re all so
tightly connected. In France, she says, family means your spouse and kids only. My
grandma can speak French, so when my aunties blast some Arabic music in the
background, she cajoles HotPastor to dress in our colorful belly-dancing clothes and
dance. This gives every single male of my uncles and cousins an instant boner-
kebab. Everybody erupts in cheers and horny applause. Everybody loves pastors!
The dancing seems to give HotPastor the attention she craves, topping up her
emotional battery. It’s like she’s an old iPhone, draining fast and in constant need of
charging. But my grandma loves the dancing. She tells me to marry HotPastor. My
venerable Grandpa Fraji doesn’t think it’s a good idea:
“Don’t listen to your grandma, she loves any girl who can dance. We don’t know
where this girl comes from. You don’t know the girl till you know her family.”
Never forget his words. Let the golden wisdom of my grandfather guide your path,
and NEVER commit to girls with unresolved childhood traumas. It’s like jumping into
a pool of lava.
One day during HotPastor’s first week here, a terrifying thing happens: It’s the first
time in my life when I feel genuinely frightened during sex. Seriously, a shock of fear
blasts through my gut when I see the soulless expression on her face. We’re having
sex — missionary position — and she’s staring at me with the hollow, emotionless
eyes and the fake smile of Billy the Puppet from Saw, that scary puppet on the
bicycle. I will NEVER forget that vacant face. Her expression also reminded me of
the sociopathic Catherine Kieu, the Vietnamese woman infamous for chopping off
her husband’s penis. Go google Billy the Puppet, and then Catherine Kieu. Now
imagine them morphed into each other. That’s how terrifying HotPastor looked like.
The only thing I could say was:
358Destination Poon
“WHY ARE YOU STARING AT ME LIKE A DEMON?”
She didn’t respond, and that made it all more terrifying. I had hard time falling asleep
that night. I seriously feared being separated from my cock.
One morning, I wake up earlier than HotPastor and begin to pump into her while
she’s asleep. Hey, fuck you, it’s not my fault I’m horny. I’m semiconscious myself, so
I go in raw and plan to pull Shlomo out right in time.
BAD CALL, REGGIE.
I cum inside her. HotPastor has an outburst of panic:
“AHHHHHHHHHHHHH I DON’T WANT TO GET PREGNANT!!”
I drive to a nearby pharmacy to get the pill. The employee there tells me there are
two brands, the famous one that costs $25, and a lesser-known brand that costs only
$13. I look at the employee. She looks back at me. I’ll take the $13 one. I give the pill
to HotPastor and relax. I don’t know about you, but I’ve never planned to have a
baby with a slutty feminist pastor.
After she takes the pill, we head south to the Dead Sea where we indulge in the
warm, salty healing waters. It turns out to be a big mistake, because HotPastor in
bikini is like a Sports Illustrated supermodel. It means I have a rock hard boner,
which means it’s easy for the salt to penetrate my hole and give me sharp, acidic
bursts of pain. Guys, if you ever visit the Dead Sea, never go in with a hot girl. You
have been warned.
What’s strange is, HotPastor always goes to sleep cuddling a time-worn TEDDY
BEAR. She tells me it’s a relic from her childhood, and that it gives her a sense of
safety. Take a few seconds to connect the dots and think of the meaning behind it.
Perhaps the teddy bear relieves her from some unresolved fear of abandonment?
359Destination Poon
The volatility, the torrential arguments, the strange feeling about her — can
HotPastor be an embodiment of the Freudian theory that psychological issues are
caused by the repressed pains of childhood? He who is abandoned is an abandoner.
He who is abused is abusive. If this is all true, a shitstorm must be near.
During her whole time here, HotPastor continues to act strange. She’ll keep saying:
“I’M SO HAPPY!”
And half an hour later:
“I’M SO SAD!”
This is spooky, but I’m not fooled. She is neither happy or sad. You could just feel
there was a bottomless emotional void in her. That she couldn’t feel true, mature
emotions, and didn’t have that thing most of us refer to as a soul. It’s like she’s an
emotional vampire in a constant inner battle, bouncing between two polarities, two
sets of shallow emotions she thinks are happiness or sadness. She also keeps
repeating this, almost every day:
“I just want somebody to love me!”
She says it in such a juvenile tone, it’s like there’s a child trapped in her adult, sexy
body. But fuck it, she’s hot. And I’ve set a challenge for myself, remember — I need
to collect as many condoms as I can!
At one point during the first week, I decide to step up our relationship. While the sex
is great and I’m collecting condoms like a nerd collecting Star Wars action figures, I
feel the need for blowjobs. HotPastor has never initiated one herself, so I ask her for
it. Her response:
“At the beginning of the year, I promised myself to give blowjobs only to boyfriends
who love me.”
360Destination Poon
Biiiiiiiiiiiiitch.
She had this strange definition of a boyfriend. She told me she had sex with forty
(read: four hundred) guys in her life, and she seriously considered each one of them
to be a boyfriend. But the chronological order just made no sense. It was obvious
most of them had just used her as a cum dumpster and abandoned ship. It’s like she
was attracting abandonment because of her emotional abandonment as a child. Her
reality was completely distorted. She was the Queen of Whoreland. But she was also
hot. So...
OF COURSE I TELL HER “I LOVE YOU.”
Her beguiling eyes immediately glow in a childish excitement:
“REAAAAAAAAAAAALLLLLLLLLLLLLY?”
“Yes. Blowjob?”
She then dives directly to my crotch. Behold the greatest lie ever told! In less than a
minute, every single doubt is erased from my mind: THIS GIRL IS A PRO. She has
perfected the Art of the Blow. In Reggie’s book, I give her a royal A+ for excellence.
And for the rest of her time in Israel, HotPastor asks me every day, “Do you love me?
I need you to say it more often.” And I did, because these love statements were like
fuel to start her lips. I’ll validate any hot girl all day long for hot blowjobs. I gave
HotPastor so many I love you’s I felt like a Danish hippy.
One day, HotPastor decides it’s time to tell me her “biggest secreeeeeeeet!”
Apparently, she was traveling the world for years using social security money from
France. But one morning, when she was in India, she “woke up and discovered” that
the government had stopped paying her and that she was “deep in debt.” So she
resorted to doing what any sane, emotionally sound girl would do:
361Destination Poon
PORN.
She sent a message back to someone who had previously offered to pay her to do
porn. And without ever meeting, seeing, or talking to him in real life, she signed all
his documents over email and went to do the job he asked. She was shocked when
he later disappeared without paying her a dime. Yes, this vile man should be
punished for his vices, but I was shocked how naive HotPastor could be, trusting a
complete stranger like that. How can she not grasp the basic mechanics by which
our world operates? It’s like she’s unable to intuitively analyze emotions, intimacy,
and human relations. Unable to understand the world. You know those annoying
emails from Nigerian scammers asking you for your bank account details so they can
send you the million dollars you have just won in a lottery? These guys must be
making their money on people like HotPastor. My first response to this story:
“What the fuck were you thinking?”
She goes ballistic:
“HOW CAN YOU BLAME ME WHEN HE USED ME LIKE THAT?”
HotPastor then looks at me with those soulless Billy the Puppet eyes again. I change
the subject. I don’t want my dick separated from my body tonight. Remember, I had
committed to hosting her for three weeks, so I have to keep things under control.
Yes, I am Reggie, the one who overcame the great dangers of the jungle. The one
who bungee-jumped from one of the highest platforms on Earth. The one who
survived gun robbery with only his tongue and chutzpah. Yet here I am, afraid that a
childish French pastor would hurt me when I’m asleep. Fuck you.
Another moment of WTFness emerges when I tell HotPastor how much I miss
Aztrone and Blessa, the small kids of the family I spent two months with in the
Philippines. They were calling me Kuya Reggie (big brother Reggie in Tagalog), and
I used to take them snorkeling in the sea. It’s one of my fondest memories of travel.
HotPastor then begins to excitedly tell me about a small Tahitian girl she feels
362Destination Poon
“EXACTLY THE SAME!” for. The way she speaks of her makes me sure she had
taken care of the little girl for a good few months:
“Ahhhhhhhhh you have no idea how much I miss this little girl!!! I love her so much!!!”
But apparently, she’d only known her for... better just quote her words:
“I want to fly back to Tahiti to visit her, but I don’t know if she remembers me. We had
only met for an hour.”
How can you miss someone you only met for an hour a couple of years ago? I ask
HotPastor just that, and she goes into a frenzy, losing her grip on reality. She then
impulsively decides she wants to go visit another girl in Egypt that she misses, right
at this moment. What the fuck is happening? I can’t let her go. Not because I’m
some malicious kidnapper, but because an Islamic terrorist group was firing rockets
at us from the border with Egypt only two days ago. Last thing I need now is to have
my sex toy kidnapped. And guess how HotPastor responds to that? She comes up
with one of the craziest things I have ever been told by an adult:
“There’s something I didn’t tell you. I... I can’t feel love for people. I don’t feel
anything for you or your family. I want to go. I want to go now!”
Holy guacamole. Hell hath no fury like a crazy girl scorned!
“I’m trying to protect you.”
HotPastor then runs to the bathroom, hunkers down below the sink, and starts
CRYING. Tears literally run down her cheeks. I approach to calm the beast, and this
is what she tells me:
“Nobody has ever cared for me as much as your family. I didn’t mean it. Of course I
feel something for you. I lied because I want you to let me go to Egypt, but this lie
doesn’t count because I had my fingers crossed behind my back.”
363Destination Poon
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
HAHA!
IS THIS REALLY HAPPENING?
I don’t know what to say to this, so we just end up having passionate sex again. I tell
HotPastor that I love her. She sucks my dick two times in a row. This was the highest
return I’ve ever had on a single I love you. After the sex, we cuddle. HotPastor asks
me if I have any sexual fantasies. I tell her that my life is delightful enough, and that I
have no special desires. She then tells me about her greatest fantasy. Are you
ready?
“I want to be tied up in a basement, treated like a dog, and raped by a large group of
men.”
HOLY SHIT.
Apparently, even bickering feminists will sometimes admit in transparent moments of
candor the true identity of their deepest desires. HotPastor’s parents, I might not
know you personally, but you must be some of the most vile, appalling, and
despicable human beings to have ever walked on Earth. But thanks for her hot sex.
My only response to her words:
“You. Are. Crazy.”
HotPastor immediately begins to grumble. She blames me for being “primitive!” She
blames my country for shackling, enslaving, and sexually oppressing women. She
keeps insisting that gang-rape fantasies are very common. Bitch, very common in
whatever fucked up place you come from. But it baffles me so much that I spend the
364Destination Poon
rest of the week asking all my girl-friends if they’d like to be tied up and raped by a
gang of men who’ll treat them like dogs. I also ask my cousin Karin. She looks at me
in complete horror. She was loved as a kid. Here’s the difference between
HotPastor’s defective kin and the beauty of Tradition. While traditional girls are busy
raising families, hardcore feminists are busy fantasizing about gang-rapes. That day,
I go to sleep with a scary realization:
The West is on the verge of collapse.
But make no mistake. I will still fulfill the deepest of her desires. I wake up the next
day with a surge of generosity. It’s a scary task. Volatile girls like HotPastor can
easily get you thrown in jail for false rape allegations. I ask her a strange question:
“Do you want me to rape you?”
She smiles and looks at me like a porn actress craving to be dominated.
“You can try...”
I take this as a yes.
“Tell me to stop if it’s too much.”
I grab her hair and push her down to the bed. I then tie her limbs with the sheets and
blindfold her with the pillow covers. She looks like an illegal Mexican immigrant
caught in the deserts of Texas. I begin to fuck her mouth for twenty minutes. I end
the ghastly scene by jizzing all over her face. I feel like a porn star. For all I know, no
sane girl — at least in my country — would ever subject herself to something like
that. But she isn’t from my country, and she definitely isn’t sane. I wait a few minutes,
put on a condom, and bang her like the world’s collapsing tomorrow. I then untie
HotPastor and see a huge grin on her face. She exclaims:
“IT WAS AMAAAAAAAAAZING!”
365Destination Poon
A few minutes later, she tries to push some of her hair out of her eyes but realizes it’s
matted into clumps by my dried sperm. Since she’s naked, she pops her jizzed face
out of the door to see if the area is clear so that she can go to the bathroom. But this
puzzles me. How can it be wrong for my family to see you naked, but alright for them
to see your face all covered in sperm? Answer: Whore logic. When she goes to the
bathroom, I check the backpack to see how many condoms I’ve collected. I open the
bag and discover a huge mass of latex. THIS IS AWESOME! I love pastors. I love
Israel. And I love my condom collection.
During her second weekend here, Muli calls and offers to go to the cinema:
“Bring her along for bragging rights.”
What happens next is completely unexpected, even for a lunatic like HotPastor.
Because... she’s so socially unaware she dresses up in the ugliest, most ridiculous
patchwork of clothes we have all ever seen:
We had sex only moments ago, so she keeps her hair unkempt and wears a funny
red wool hat my grandma had knitted for her. She looks like Santa Claus on heroin.
She then wears a worn Adidas jacket that makes her look like a homeless bum from
Tel Aviv’s old train station. So we now have an homeless, heroin-addicted Santa
Claus. And to top this off, she borrows a pair of jeans from my... ELEVEN YEAR-
OLD brother. They barely fit. Now instead of walking next to a top model, I find
myself next to a tramp. A homeless, heroin-addicted, Santa Claus tramp.
When we get in Muli’s car, a look of shock becomes immediately apparent on his
and Karin’s faces. But their biggest shock is yet to come. Because when we reach
the cinema, HotPastor goes to a nearby supermarket while the rest of us go to get
popcorn. She returns with pitas and a large 1kg (2.2lbs) bucket of commercial
hummus. Karin tries to explain to her that it’s socially inappropriate to bring hummus
to Israeli cinemas, but I personally don’t mind. I find it hilarious. Imagine an
extremely hot French girl, dressed like a homeless Santa Claus, eating from a
366Destination Poon
bucket of cheap hummus in the cinema. How surreal is that?
Once inside the theatre, HotPastor unwraps the hummus. Everyone immediately
stares at us in confusion. It is obvious why. The strong odor of hummus is so
dominant the whole cinema now smells like an Arab restaurant. Muli and Karin move
a few seats away, telling HotPastor they prefer to be in the center. But they can’t fool
me. I know they just don’t want to be tainted by association to this bizarre spectacle.
When we get home, HotPastor takes a shower and comes back wrapped in a towel.
She’s now completely devoid of the ridiculous clothing from earlier. I fuck her hard for
an hour. It’s funny how our male brain perceives beauty in such an instant, objective
way, regardless of any recent devaluing data. If you’re a fat girl, this should be good
news for you. Because if you rid yourself off your blubber and come up with a new
mouthwatering version, it means men will instantly forgive you for the past. We men
are deep creatures. We only care about the depth of your vagina.
By the third week, HotPastor’s blowjobs have improved greatly. Don’t get me wrong,
they were already spectacular, but she now also slathers Nutella all over my cock
before she licks it for half an hour. She even sucks my cock under the moon. This
happens, surprisingly, the night my friends Natty and Liran invite us for beach
camping. There weren’t enough chairs for us, so I offered HotPastor to sit on my lap.
She complained:
“No, this is a form of enslaving women. You sit on mine!”
Remember: Always reward for good behavior. But always punish for bad one. Let a
hot girl feel like she’s able to tame you, and you’re toast. I disregarded HotPastor
until the blowjob reconciliation. Welcome to Reggie’s Dogs & Girls Training 101.
Works even on petulant, diehard feminists. We also fucked, but to my dismay, we
forgot all the condoms on the beach. It bothered me not because of the environment
— our planet will collapse anyway one day — but because a few condoms left
behind means a few less condoms in my growing collection.
367Destination Poon
When we return from the beach, HotPastor asks me:
“When was the last time you had sex before you had sex with me?”
“Four days earlier. In Albania.”
It was the Australian chick from “The Albanian Vineyard” chapter. HotPastor erupts:
“HOW COULD YOU HAVE SEX WITH SOMEONE FOUR DAYS BEFORE YOU
HAD SEX WITH ME?”
If you’re a normal person, then you should immediately spot the logical issues with
this sentence. It’s like she didn’t have the emotional capacity to realize she didn’t
even exist in my head four days before I met up with her. Her sense of space and
time was completely distorted. Welcome to Crazyland, enjoy your stay.
I suppose oxytocin floods the brains of even the most emotionally broken feminists,
because the next thing you know, HotPastor looks possessed and futilely tries to get
me to remove all my “slutty friends” from Facebook. I then realize something.
Hosting and banging HotPastor all day has created this feeling that we’re together.
This is probably the point where I should have released HotPastor back into the wild.
But my latex quest wasn’t done yet!
A day before she leaves, I pinch HotPastor’s sexy belly and tell her that we have fed
her well and that I hope she enjoyed her time with us. But instead of smiling, I am
stared down by a face so evil it would make even the Grendel flinch back in fear:
“YOU WANT TO TASTE MY ELBOW?”
What the...? Can’t she see I’m just messing around? It’s like her entire sense of
esteem comes from her good looks. She viscerally feels, in her most unconscious
senses, that all men interact with her primarily because that. And no modern thinking
can change that.
368Destination Poon
That day, HotPastor keeps bitching and complaining that I don’t give her enough
likes on Facebook. That I don’t take enough photos of her. That I used to give her
confidence, but not any more. She is always the subject. It’s like she sees me as an
object to make her feel good about herself. It makes me feel... objectified.
DID I JUST SAY THAT?
But oh, HotPastor. I’ll soon give you something you won’t forget.
Because the next day — the last day — a stroke of Reggie Genius hits me. When
HotPastor goes to take her final shower, I reminisce back on the last three weeks.
The five times a day vaginal access. The dances for my grandma. And even though I
had to tell her that I love her every single day — the Nutella blowjobs. A feeling of
gratitude then begins to infuse me. With all her craziness, I still feel I have to give
something back to my little sexual mistress. Something great. Something
memorable. Something...
HOLY FUCK! I HAVE AN IDEA!
While she’s showering, I silently sneak in to my room and unfold the condom
backpack on the bed. An amazing thing then happens: more than a hundred used
latex condoms fall onto my sheets, each of them filled with its own impressive
amount of frothy liquid. I literally can’t believe my own eyes. THE BAG IS FULL OF
USED CONDOMS! The gurus were right! Focused effort and time does bring
extraordinary results. Unless you’re a prostitute, I promise you that you’ve never
seen such a concentrated amount of used condoms in one place. And it all came out
of me! None of my frothy liquid goes to waste. So...
Why don’t I just tie them together like a necklace and give as a souvenir, a memento,
to HotPastor? It’ll forever remind her of what Reggie ultimately was for her: a sex
machine.
369Destination Poon
An impish smirk of pride spreads across my face, and I immediately begin to tie all
the condoms together. I am determined to win the Guinness World Record for the
longest and most mammoth chain of latex ever made by humans. I will make
HotPastor impressed. It takes me about ten minutes until I’m done. I take a final look
at it:
THIS IS GOING TO BE LEGENDARY!
I shove the necklace in HotPastor’s luggage and zip it back. She’s already collected
all her belongings, so she probably won’t open it until she’s back in France.
Fortunately, I am correct. Because she soon gets out of the shower and leaves to the
airport without noticing anything. Nerve wracked, I now have to wait.
Fast forward a day.
HotPastor is back in France and message pops up on my Skype. Finally!
Enthusiastic, I begin to read. It’s an enraged smiley with a message:
“YOU’RE SUCH A PIG!!!!!!!!!”
Yes, Reggie, you did it!
“Happy you liked it!”
Now... nothing could have prepared me for that:
“It’s not funny!!! Airport security stopped me after the X-ray, took a look inside my
bag, and started to laugh!!!Now I see why!!!”
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
370Destination Poon
HAHA!
I wish you could have seen my face. I was laughing so hard, so uncontrollably, I just
couldn’t stop. I laughed and laughed and laughed for maybe ten minutes straight,
and I then called Muli and told him about it. Over the next weeks, the story went viral
in my family. To this day, years later, Itay, the husband of my auntie Rachel, keeps
talking about the necklace. Every time we’re around a table in a holiday, he says:
“REGGIE, TELL EVERYONE ABOUT THE NECKLACE!”
What can I say? Ron Scholastic was right when he said that if you go every day to a
very large tree and take five swings at it with a very sharp ax, eventually, no matter
how large the tree, it will have to come down. And I’ll just say that if you go every day
to a very crazy pussy and take five swings at it with your other sharp axe, eventually,
no matter what, you’ll have a glorious necklace of latex.
The nicer men among you might be asking, “But Reggie, why did you do it?” To you,
I say:
Some things you do just for the thrill... for the fun... because they beg to be done.
I’m sure a pastor would find a way to forgive you.
371Destination Poon
372Destination Poon
How to Identify a Femme Fatale
Avoid destructive thinking. Improper negative thoughts sink people. A ship can sail
around the world many, many times, but just let enough water get into the ship and it
will sink. Just so with the human mind. Let enough negative thoughts or improper
thoughts get into the human mind and the person sinks just like a ship. (Alfred A.
Montapert)
Some things in life are best when kept in moderation. Crazy women are one of those
things. But even though HotPastor was insane, I still allowed her to join me to a short
trip to the Philippines, about a month after her return to France. She was a complete
basketcase, yes, but come on, would you refuse having a hot French babe pole
dancing in your lavish beach apartment, sucking your cock on command?
Anyway, in that trip — which lasted about a month — the Kraken was released. It is
there where I truly got to experience the tantrums and withering blasts of HotPastor
magnified a thousand times. But still, she was filling the most important key vacancy
in my beach apartment: My private pole dancer and blowjob expert.
Years later, with new wisdom under my sleeve, I now realize something scary:
HotPastor was actually the classic archetype of what the psychiatric world classifies
as Cluster-B Personality Disorders.
These disorders are very similar, and include the Histrionic (seductive, flirty,
attention-whore), the Borderline (unstable, volatile, unpredictable), the Narcissistic
(self-entitled, megalomanic, self-centered), and the Anti-Social (cunning, egocentric,
manipulative) — which, at its extremes, includes Psychopathy and Sociopathy. What
really sets HotPastor apart is her blatant, complete lack of empathy. This means
she’s not just a vanilla flavored Cluster-B, but a full-blown, dangerous psychopath.
She’s the classic Femme Fatale you can often see in movies.
Cluster-B disorders are common in the West, with estimates of about 4% of all
women in the U.S. showing symptoms. Being the more emotionally susceptible sex,
373Destination Poon
women are four times more likely to have it. So the knowledge I’m going to give you
is important to have. It can literally save you from trouble one day. But what makes
me think HotPastor was a Psychopath? And how can you recognize Femme Fatales
like her?
First and foremost, the Femme Fatale lacks empathy.
Most people think having empathy means being nice to others, but it’s far more than
that. Empathy, the root of morality, is one’s ability to get into another’s shoes, share
their emotions, feel their pain and motivations, and see life through their perspective.
It’s what allows someone to emotionally navigate through the world.
Remember all the crazy shit HotPastor said and did during her three weeks in Israel?
When you don’t have the emotional capacity to feel what others feel, to align with the
world, well, you say and do creepy things.
For instance, a few days after arriving to the Philippines, HotPastor and I were taking
a big ferry to a remote tropical island. At one point, I was standing at the ferry’s rail,
trying to spot dolphins, HotPastor came behind me and roused herself to do
something out of character: Embrace me from behind. I was impressed. Physical
affection was never one of her strong virtues, except for spreading her legs and
swallowing my seed. Perhaps some time next to Reggie has been a humanizing
experience? I jokingly asked her:
“How would you feel if I fell from the ferry and drowned?”
Ready? Here’s her answer, and I quote:
“Oh my God, don’t say that. It would be very hard for me if you die... it would take
me a few days to recover.”
I just stood there, in complete shock, trying to gauge her facial cues to see if she was
joking. She wasn’t. I made a mental note: Never let your cock guide your choice of
374Destination Poon
travel companions.
In fact, she was so strange that my Jewish mom seriously thought she might be an
Al-Qaeda agent sent to seduce Israelis. I’m not joking. And because there was a
point where we had no wifi for a few days, my mom was so stressed she contacted
the Jewish community in the Philippines to initiate a search for me. They found me!
Three men, a rabbi and two of his assistants, arrived in a black BMW. They had my
mom on the phone:
“REGEV!!! WHY AREN’T YOU TALKING TO US? WE THOUGHT SHE KIDNAPPED
YOU!”
When we later found internet, we had a mass of Facebook messages from my
cousins, uncles, aunties, friends, everyone. Everybody thought I was in danger.
HotPastor, who had received messages from them too, erupted:
“I DON’T WANT YOUR FAMILY TO CONTACT ME! I WANT MY PRIVACY!”
She had the soulless expression again. The Femme Fatale is explosive. The Femme
Fatale is impulsive. The Femme Fatale is demonic. Could it be she was jealous of
me having a big family and a social circle caring for me? She looked like she was
going to chop my dick off. The next day, she landed a thermonuclear bomb:
“You’re the man of my life! I checked earlier, and it’s going to cost me $3,000 to ship
my stuff to Israel.”
OH REGGIE, WHAT HAVE YOU DONE?
HotPastor was willing to spend literally all her savings to ship her belongings to
Israel. How could anyone be so irresponsible? Couldn’t she see our “relationship”
was a ticking bomb doomed to explode? I said:
“It’s a bad idea. You should wait.”
375Destination Poon
Wait for what? I had no fucking idea. But it worked.
In the Philippines, I took HotPastor to pay a visit to the amazing Filipino family from
the Testosterone Experiment in Anilao. But it was so creepy. We spent a few days
with them, spending all the time together, and we left, you could just feel there was a
scary lack of genuine connection between HotPastor and every other person. As if
she couldn’t attach to people. It’s almost as if the family were just objects for her. Ah,
the people who complain the most about being objectified are the ones most likely to
objectify other persons. We see things as we are.
I now understand why. Lacking empathy, the Psychopath, the Femme Fatale, is like
a child trapped in an adult body. They can’t form any meaningful relationship, any
emotional attachment, the way normal adults do.
HotPastor’s lack of empathy makes her misjudge vocal cues and body language,
constructing a false reality in her brain. On her birthday, we flew to Taiwan for a
couple of days, where we stayed at a sumptuous boutique hotel and fornicated like
two rabid rodents. One night, she prepared an erotic bath with scented Chinese
soaps for us. When we finished, she went online and began to read all the happy
birthday messages from her Facebook peers.
“I can’t believe they’re sending me happy birthdays!”
The peculiar thing is the way she said it. She was speaking like a toddler. Why would
you not believe your friends wished you a happy birthday? I was suspicious, so I
asked her to name her best friends back home. She didn’t struggle to answer, and
gave me some names. I later sent a message to one of them. His answer:
“Oh... I remember her. A few years ago she did an internship at my job for three
weeks.”
HotPastor was honestly thinking the guy was one of her best friends, but to him she
376Destination Poon
was nothing more than an old colleague. The Femme Fatale is unable to judge
levels of intimacy, relationships, and emotions like the rest of us.
The Femme Fatale is also... capricious. Before we left Taiwan, when the novelty of
HotPastor’s birthday wore off, she went nuts. She began to cry with tears down her
cheeks:
“AHHHHHHHHHHHHH I MISS CHRISTMAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAS SO MUCH!!! I
MISS THE LOVE IN THE AIR!! AHHHHHHHHHHHHH IT’S NOW
CHRISTMAAAAAAS IN FRANCE, AND HERE I AM HERE IN TAIWAN!!!”
The funny thing is... she was “happy” just half an hour earlier.
And what about the fear of abandonment we talked about in the last story?
Remember the teddy bear? Well, listen to this: In the Philippines, I found a deluxe
apartment to rent in Bohol. It was perfect. Coconut trees everywhere, a few minutes
away from a beach of white sand and turquoise water, and we even had our own
private pool and a pit bull guard dog. When I dropped out of university to be location
independent, this was the kind of place I had in mind. And it cost only $650 a month.
But even this wasn’t enough to stop HotPastor’s irrational mood swings. She fluxed
repeatedly between ornery at the best of times to happy when least expected. I
never reacted to anything, and was always rewarded afterwards with hot blowjobs.
But at one of her morose cycles, I wasn’t. And after ignoring her, she went ballistic,
and at night told me to go sleep in the living room.
Riiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiight.
I went to sleep in the bedroom and left a furious HotPastor to sleep wherever she
wanted. In the middle of the night, I woke up and walked to the bathroom through the
living room, and I then saw the most memorable image ever captured by my
eyeballs:
HotPastor, lying on a long pillow like it’s a mattress, covered in a thin sheet,
377Destination Poon
spooning her old teddy bear. I swear to God, she looked like a three-year old. I was
trying to suppress my laughter. She looked at me and yelled:
“IN FRANCE, IF YOU FIGHT IT’S THE MAN WHO SLEEPS IN THE LIVING
ROOM!”
When I woke up in the morning to take a swim in our pool, HotPastor nudged me
with her hips.
Reggie the Victim of Domestic Abuse.
She went ballistic:
“I TRUSTED YOU! MY RELATIONSHIPS ALWAYS FAIL AND I THOUGHT YOU
WERE GOING TO BE THE WHITE PRINCE! BUT YOU’RE JUST LIKE EVERY
OTHER MAN!”
The Femme Fatale is aggressive. The Femme Fatale is violent. The Femme Fatale
can’t take responsibility.
If you’re a girl, and all those “white princes” of yours constantly run for the hills — did
it ever occur to you, just for a second, that maybe you are the problem? That maybe,
just maybe, you’re just a psychotic bitch?
What stole the show was, later at night, when HotPastor’s muffled sobs reached me
through the bedroom. She was curled up like a fetus, trembling with goosebumps
risen on her skin, hugging that ugly teddy bear:
“PLEASE HUG ME! HUG ME STRONG!”
Unsure if she was just trying to play my rescuer instincts like a fiddler, I hugged her.
“I sometimes have this panic and anxiety and I feel like I’m going to die. I need you
378Destination Poon
to hug me when it happens.”
Holy Jehovah, Buddha, Krishna, and all the other deities up there. How the hell did I
get myself here, on this exotic paradise, hugging a lunatic pole dancer? Answer:
Premium poon.
“What do you do when you’re alone and you have a panic attack?”
“I hug my teddy bear.”
Another time where her fear of abandonment was triggered was a week after the
Philippines, when I returned to Israel. HotPastor followed me. It was Christmas, and
she wanted to visit Bethlehem. In the first day in Israel, I spent all day with Muli. But
when I returned home, I found myself staring at the face of horror. It was another one
of HotPastor’s panic attacks. She was curled up in bed, raining tears:
“AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH MY LIFE IS
RUINED!!”
Yes, it is. But what does it have to do with me?
“AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!! I
TRUSTED YOU!! YOU RUINED MY LIFE!”
The Femme Fatale is hysteric. It was quite shocking. I’ve seen Israeli moms who had
lost their sons in battle, and they weren’t crying as uncontrollably as HotPastor was.
It was a whole new level of anxiety. It made me worried:
“Talk to me, what happened?”
“AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH MY LIFE IS RUUUUUUUINED! YOU LEFT ME HOME
ALL DAY LIKE A DOG! IT’S ALL YOUR FAULT! ”
379Destination Poon
The Femme Fatale fears abandonment. Leaving her home have activated that
childhood wound. I took her out to the beach here in Haifa so she could get some
fresh air and relax. She did. But when we returned, something strange happened.
Her iPad was on my bed, and she tried to hide it. It made me suspicious:
“What’s up?”
“It’s nothing... I wrote something when I was mad...”
“What is it?”
“No, no... You better not know. I didn’t really mean it. You know I write nasty stuff
when I’m angry.”
“Tell me.”
“Ahhhhhhhh... promise you won’t dump me if I tell you?”
“I’ll dump you if you don’t. So hey, at least it gives you some chance!”
This is what her message said:
“I’m waiting for this Jewish bastard to build me the website he promised for my
birthday and I’m flying back to France!”
Fuck. Me. Sideways.Do such evil, spiteful women exist? Immediately, I told her:
“Book a flight back immediately.”
I wasn’t angry at all. I even let her stay for one more night, because she had
nowhere to go. In the morning, I gave her a ride to the train station from where she
could get to the airport. You see, it was hard to be angry at HotPastor. She was a
victim of forces way beyond her ability to cope with. Remember, this girl had suffered
380Destination Poon
some crazy child abuse. Children who suffer enough malnutrition eventually get a
permanent physical impairment. Likewise, children who are so deprived of emotional
nurturing eventually get a permanent emotional impairment.
This was a perfect example of the impulsiveness, the lack of empathy, the
selfishness, and the anti-social behavior of the Psychopath. And while psychopathic
men end up as murderers and rapists, psychopathic women end up as prostitutes,
strippers, and porn stars. As Femme Fatales. But, Reggie, you might ask, what’s the
cause?
Like all behaviors, the pattern of Cluster-B behavior obviously has a genetic basis.
But what seems to trigger it is a strong childhood trauma that stunts the growth of
empathy during a child’s emotional development. The ages of eight to twelve seem
to be the most sensitive. My theory is that the increasing rates of Cluster-B disorders
are the result of the modern erosion of the traditional lifestyle. Throughout my
travels, I have noticed that people who have grown up in tight, interactive
communities end up more socially aligned and emotionally sound.
I have also noticed, and it’s worth mentioning, that people with soft or hard Cluster-B
symptomology — not necessarily full-blown psychopaths — tend to gather in
activism fields like feminism, veganism, etc. To the abused, the world is a bad place.
They see it through the lens of abuse. But their misdirected feelings of anger are
only emotions stored since childhood because they couldn’t be expressed to Mom or
Dad.
One morning in the Philippines, I woke up and grabbed a few coconuts from a
nearby tree. The grandma of the family in Anilao, Lola, was talking to HotPastor.
When I went to bring them a coconut, she told me:
“She is so beautiful. I want you to marry her, Reggie!”
I didn’t know what to say. I had never planned to marry a slut. Remember, boys: The
more cocks a pussy has tasted, the hungrier it is for more. I told her:
381Destination Poon
“I can’t marry her, Lola. She doesn’t want to have kids.”
HotPastor erupted:
“YOU’RE SEXIST! AM I JUST AN OVEN FOR MAKING KIDS? AM I JUST A PIECE
OF HAM?”
HotPastor has an inner conflict. Her thoughts impure, her instincts malicious, she’s
afraid of her own nature more than anything. This is why she tries so hard to appear
righteous by fighting for equality. It’s an everlasting struggle, because her true nature
shows itself whenever her ingrained fear of abandonment is triggered.
Before I found the amazing beach apartment in Bohol, we had spent a few nights at
a hotel. We fucked voraciously, after which I drifted off into a deep sleep. HotPastor,
instead, decided to take a shower. But I was soon awakened by a blood-curdling
scream. Fearful, I opened my eyes. It was HotPastor, fully naked, covered in suds:
“AHHHH PUUUUUUUUUUTA! I HATE THIS COUNTRY! I TRUSTED YOU, I
THOUGHT, THIS GUY ROCKS, BUT LOOK AT MY LIFE NOW! THIS IS THE
WORST COUNTRY IN THE WORLD! I SACRIFICED EVERYTHING TO COME
HERE! IT’S ALL YOUR FAULT!”
Like in any third world tropical island, water in the showers could be a little unstable,
and HotPastor was stuck with suds all over her body. I launched into an intense bout
of laughter, and shortly after, fell asleep. Always let crazy girls vent when you’re
asleep. By the time you wake up, they’ll be calm again. But HotPastor isn’t your
average crazy. When I woke up, she was like a black void, sucking in energy from all
directions:
“I don’t understand... how can I be so sad when I’m in a paradise like this?”
She was searching outside of herself for her missing pieces. It was the wrong
382Destination Poon
direction. I told her:
“Travel can’t take away the problems in your head, because your head goes
anywhere you go.”
Often, Psychopaths can’t stand not being the center of attention. Don’t get me wrong
— everybody loves getting attention — I’m talking about an irrational degree. For
example, one morning in Bohol, I felt so bad the locals rushed me to have my blood
tested at a nearby emergency room. They thought I had dengue, a debilitating viral
disease of the tropics. But an unexpected thing happened:
HotPastor managed to get HERSELF hospitalized!
Don’t ask me how — I have no idea how — but she somehow did it. When I walked
out of the blood-test lab, I found her in hospital garb, hooked up to some cords,
taking selfies — yes, fucking selfies — for Facebook. And as if we were in some sort
of a fucked up competition, she then spent the entire night trying to convince me
that:
“I AM MORE SICK THAN YOU!”
She just couldn’t stand the idea of me being the subject, the center of attention. So...
she did what any sane person would do, and got herself hospitalized. She now had
the spotlight. But hey, who knows? Perhaps she was sick. Perhaps her tormented
soul manifests itself in physical illness. She always carried a bag of medications
wherever she went. I tried to explain to her that my young, regenerative sperm was
the ultimate cure for her ills — especially for her throat issues — but she kept
carrying the bag.
After I had kicked HotPastor back to France, it was December, and she kept
messaging me, trying to get me to come visit her and see what Christmas is. It would
be a lie to say I didn’t want to. I had never experienced France, or Christmas, before.
But... fuck. Do I really want to see HotPastor again? I decided to let Muli’s intuitive
383Destination Poon
compass guide me. He had always been a loyal advisor in times of adversity. His
advice:
“She’s a crazy bitch, yes, but let’s see. You’ve never been to France, right?”
“Correct.”
“And you’ve never experienced Christmas, correct?”
“Yes.”
“Hmm, you fuck her about five times a day. Let’s compare her to a normal prostitute
and say each time is worth about $90. That’s... $450 a day! How much is the ticket?”
With Muli on the phone, I opened Skyscanner and ran a short search for a one-way
ticket. I never take round-trips, because I never know when I’ll feel like returning. The
price turned out to be crazy cheap:
“$80.”
“WHAT? GO TO FRANCE! Enjoy Christmas, fuck the shit out of her, and come back
before things get crazy.”
Sounds like solid advice. I then weighed HotPastor’s negatives against her positives:
Negatives: She’s a lunatic. She complains. She’s impulsive. She’s manipulative.
She’s a liar. She’s a parasite. She’s friendless. She panics. She can’t show
emotional affection. She has an evil stare. She is a feminist. She is French. She’s
neurotic. She might cut my dick off with a knife when I’m asleep.
Positives: She fucks like a champion mare.
As always, the vagina is stronger than reason. I forgave her for her flaws, booked the
384Destination Poon
ticket, and flew the next day.
On my first morning in France, a mischievous spirit filled me, and I bought a massive
genetically engineered banana from a fruit aisle in the supermarket. It was three
times larger than our local produce in Israel. I came back, wrapped the gigantic fruit
in a condom — to minimize the urinary tract infection risk — and fucked HotPastor
with it when she was asleep. I was thrusting the banana back and forth, but it quickly
got...
STUCK.
I pulled it out forcefully and found a huge yellow mash inside the condom. It looked
like commercial baby food, only in latex. The room reeked of mashed banana,
vaginal fluids, and the stench of latex. And HotPastor? She was just... smiling. The
Femme Fatale is hyper-sexual. If sluts had a kingdom, she’d have been the reigning
queen.
In France, HotPastor quickly went into her intense flux between emotional polarities.
She’d pamper me with splendid Alsacian wine and roasted nails in butter
(surprisingly good, the French are so good at cooking they can turn a disgusting
slime creature from their yard into a world-class delicacy), but she’d then begin to
weep uncontrollably. She’d suck my dick voraciously, and then withdraw completely.
She’d cook an amazing meal with special cheese, aged duck, and oysters in lemon
and vinegar — WHILE sucking my Shlomo at the same time — and then go nuts and
withdraw again. It’s like I was dealing with an angel and a demon at the same time.
Oh, and in France, HotPastor was hosting me in the house of an old man, the son of
a bishop she knew from church. She had financial issues, so the bishop asked his
son to help and give her a place to stay. One day, when we were drinking tea, she
told me:
“I like it when he goes to work because I can take long showers. Heating is
expensive in France.”
385Destination Poon
The Femme Fatale is evil. The crazy thing was, she said it in such a calm tone, as if
she had just told me she likes dogs. HotPastor was planning on staying with this
man for a few months until she found a job. How could she abuse someone’s
generosity like that? I told her she should be thankful to him and give something
back. Her reply:
“I bring my presence!”
The Femme Fatale has an irrational sense of self-entitlement.
HotPastor, remember when you were angry that your ex-husband called you a
parasite in front of the lawyer? How you swore to ruin his life because of it? But did it
ever occur to you that draining your husband of cash, traveling the world for years on
social security money, and living in someone else’s home for free is a parasitic
behavior? The first step in changing your life is realizing that your life needs a
change. Good luck.
After two weeks in France, I discovered something crazy.
You see, HotPastor was always glued to her iPad. She loved getting all those likes,
and all the validation, from the weak, lustful males on her Facebook. Related note: If
you want to bang a girl, never like her photos. You don’t want her to think you crave
her. In fact, minimize your time on Facebook. Have an exciting life, and women will
flock to you. In the Philippines, I always told her it makes no sense to go such a long
way to a tropical paradise only to be staring at a screen all day. Constant access to
the world back home is the easiest way to ruin your travels.
But when she was glued to her MacBook in France, I was curious. She was back
home, so she could just go meet with her friends, but instead she was chatting online
all day. What the fuck was she doing there? When I asked her, she acted
ambiguously, zealously protecting her laptop, like there was something she didn’t
want me to see. I was intrigued. This instilled great curiosity in your humble brother,
386Destination Poon
given the recent discoveries on her iPad in Israel, so I woke up early and exported
some of the conversations. I took them with me to my daily visit to the city center,
where I was working on my business from a coffee shop. I’ve become friends with a
Jewish waitress there. I asked her to translate the text from French to English, and
her eyes quickly enlarged with horror:
“Oh my God, who is that girl? SHE’S A MAD WITCH!”
Apparently, HotPastor was active on dating sites, where she had built a massive web
of desperate men all too ready to be exploited by her. I was shocked. Wait a sec,
was I just one of them? One of the guys told her he was looking for a joyful, honest,
and loyal woman to build family with. They had planned to go to the hot springs in
the mountains together. It was insane. She had deluded dozens of guys. She had
guys in so many countries, like remote hotspots where she could just escape to
when adversity came.
Ha! She always blamed me for “using women like tissues!” and “behaving like a
Muslim,” but it was ultimately her who had built a whole harem of men. So I
immediately booked a flight for the next day. By that time, I had already had enough
of France, Christmas, and HotPastor. And besides, I knew she’d erupt. To keep
things interesting, I decided not to tell her about the flight. I confronted her the next
day, with a big smile on my face. She went berserk:
“YOU INVADED MY PRIVACY! I ALWAYS MEET PEOPLE ON DATING SITES, BUT
I NEVER DO ANYTHING WITH THEM! THIS WAS JUST A TRAP TO SEE IF YOU
WOULD HACK INTO MY PRIVACY! GET OUT OF THIS HOUSE RIGHT NOW!”
Yes, I am Reggie. I have traveled the whole world, evaded death plenty of times, fell
off speeding motorbikes, and captured the hearts of beautiful girls all around the
planet. Yet here I was, getting myself thrown out onto the cold streets by a slut.
FROM A HOUSE THAT SHE HERSELF WAS A GUEST IN. Yes, she was hosting me
for two weeks in that house of the bishop’s son. I have officially hit the lowest of the
lowest.
387Destination Poon
One of the most prominent characteristics of the Psychopath is mythomania,
excessive lying. Know those people who seem to be lying about anything, even the
smallest of stuff, seemingly believing themselves? HotPastor was that way, and it
was creepy. She could lie with the body language of a truth teller. When she said
those lies, it really felt like she was actually believing herself. I almost had to slap
myself to make sure her incongruence was real.
Busted red handed, that was HotPastor’s last ditch attempt to recover the situation in
her own favor and cover up her lies with smoke. And in true victim form, she turned it
all the way around. It was my fault that she’s a vile person. She is the hero standing
up for what’s right against Reggie the Oppressor!
Femme Fatales are manipulative. Femme Fatales constantly pose as victims. I took
my bag, got the fuck out of there, and left to the airport. She kept sending me
messages for months, begging to see me, but... bitch, please.
But Reggie, you might be asking, if psychopathic women have an intense fear of
abandonment, why would they behave in a way that drives people away from them?
If HotPastor was so obsessed with me, why did she go on dating sites and keep in
touch with so many other men? Ah, the sweet irony. The Femme Fatale is so terrified
of the annihilating pain that follows abandonment, she’d prepare other hosts to move
to and feed on for when you’re gone. Ironically, this behavior only makes you more
likely to abandon her.
Now again, it’s hard to blame HotPastor for her behavior. Dr. Haim Ginott once said
that “Children are like wet cement. Whatever falls on them makes an impression.”
HotPastor is the result of an abusive childhood that has left a permanent mark on her
(lack of) soul. But it’s important to be able to identify this kind of dangerous,
psychopathic behavior. While HotPastor was just a short sexual fling for me — our
time in the Philippines, Taiwan, and France lasted only about a month an a half —
someone else could have easily found himself on heaps of debt and legal
entanglements, even handcuffs. Remember: Getting involved with the unlucky can
388Destination Poon
only bring chaos.
So, drum roll please, here’s Reggie’s Cheat-Sheet for Identifying Femme Fatales:
Does she say anything about an abusive past? Does she feel a bit “different” and
seem to live in a bubble of her own? Does she give you a feeling that she doesn’t
have a genuine interest in other humans, and that you can’t really have an
emotionally deep conversation together? Is your gut feeling telling you she’s a bit of
a whacko? Does she not love her family? Does she chronically whine and blame her
failures on everyone, posing as a martyr and the victim of a corrupt, heartless
system? Do you feel like her friendships are superficial and exist only for personal
gain? Does she believe men can’t be tender and loving? Does she only see
problems and inequality in the world?Does she constantly, and immediately, jump
from one relationship to the next, without the “mourning” period? Does she
constantly lie, even about the smallest of things? Does she engage in any sort of
extreme behavior? Is she a voracious, hyper sexual nymph? Does she have the
soulless DEATH STARE?
If any of this sounds familiar, then you may be dating anything from a mild Cluster-B
to a full blown, dangerous psychopath. If you sense an obvious lack of empathy in a
girl, my advice to you is to pump, dump, and never look back. Sure, who of us
doesn’t want a hot chick to suck his cock all day? But when the self-destructive
wounds from childhood activate, this fun rollercoaster turns into chaos. If you seek a
peaceful life, I recommend spending your time around sweet, compassionate, caring
girls who love their families. Remember the words of Grandpa Fraji:
“You don’t know the girl till you know her family.”
389Destination Poon
When Guard Duty Gets Shitty
Never be afraid to laugh at yourself. After all, you could be missing out on the joke of
the century. (Dame Edna Everage)
It always makes me smile when young travelers try to preach me out of my repulsion
for dorms. To be a real traveler, they say, you’ve got to stay in dorms. All of a
sudden, I’m transformed from a great guy into a heretic for booking lavish rooms and
betraying the Gods of Travel. That of course is pure hogwash, because how many of
them would really refuse a free upgrade to a private room?
What they don’t understand is, I don’t inherently hate dorms. It’s just that I no longer
travel on a budget, and also that here in Israel we outgrow dorms very early in life.
While most of the West gets drunk in college in their nineteens, we here are busy
guarding our families against terror and pitching dormitory tents in the cold desert
nights. And while I could tell you a hundred different stories from my three years of
duty, only one really stands out in my memory.
Our story happens during my first year of service, shortly after I was done with my
desert bootcamp with the armored forces. I was sent to do a non-combative Field
Intelligence course that was mixed with both males and females. Soon after the
course began, we were all sent to do the most boring, appalling job a soldier ever
has to do:
Guard duty.
For ten days, we were going to protect a special base in the southern desert of
Israel. For security reasons, I won’t expose anything about this place, but let’s just
say it’s a very unique training facility surrounded by copious amounts of sand and
nothingness. My unit was given the responsibility to man every guard bunker 24/7.
Fuck.
I remember this period well. It was exactly at the time of the 2006 World Cup in
390Destination Poon
Germany. There were no smartphones back then, so my father lent me an old one-
inch black and white mobile TV that my grandfather had given him. Like an old radio,
it had this long antenna we had to tinker around with for ten minutes till you calibrate
it out of broadcast interruptions. Good times! This is how it went:
I spend the first week standing guard for eight hours a day, fighting throngs of
incoming flies during the scorching days of the desert summer. Since there are no
smartphones, I am better focused on spotting terrorists. Except that there are no
terrorists to spot. It’s a good thing, but it’s also so boring I want to poke my eyes out
with a fork.
Every morning, we wake up and attend a briefing from the same officer. He is so
monotonous I find him impossible to listen to. It’s always the same stuff: Don’t fall
asleep. Always stay alert. Don’t shoot anyone unless your life is under real threat.
Well, HELLO, I didn’t really think I was supposed to fall asleep or shoot civilians.
In the afternoons, the patrol drivers come, pick us up, and drop each of us in his or
her allocated daily location. For me, it’s always some tall guard post with a good
vantage point. There’s sand all around me, a scorching sun above, and an overall
Middle Eastern feeling. Translation: I’m in Hell.
After each shift, we all head back into a poky dorm full of mattresses on the ground.
This is the room we were given. It’s a huge mess, with clothes and random
possessions scattered all over, because there’s this constant traffic of my twenty
friends changing shifts.
On one of my first shifts, I become so bored that I shove a transcribed message into
the small compartment in the butt of my M16. I want the future inheritor of this
assault rifle to feel like a pirate salvaging a message from a bottle floating on the
ocean. I can’t remember what I wrote, but I was so young it was probably stupid.
Looking back, I should have written this:
“An adventure becomes an inconvenience only under the wrong perception.
391Destination Poon
Likewise, an inconvenience becomes an adventure under the right perception. Your
perception alone can turn difficult times into good experiences.”
Reggie the Wise. Reggie the Harbinger of Wisdom and Truth.
That being said, things quickly begin to go downhill. Turns out, it’s really hard to
change perception when two terrorists threaten to demolish you. Because on our
eighth day, I am sent to the southern, most remote guard post for another eight
hours of guard duty. I don’t know why, but they send another soldier with me. Is it
because it’s extra dangerous? Is it because it’s a night shift? I’m not sure.
My partner is a short, dark-skinned, mischievous soldier who talks slowly and likes to
disregard all rules. Some of our soldiers dislike him because he once jizzed all over
the inside of one of our guys’ duffle bag. I’m actually happy to be guarding with him,
because it means less boredom. We talk about girls. About the army. About football.
We even argue about what the cleanest technique for wearing an underwear for a
week straight is.
At one point, JizzingSoldier goes down the staircase and begins to patrol. I decide to
connect with nature. I pile up a bunch of newspapers and turn them into a disposable
toilet right in the middle of the guard post. I take a massive dump right on top of it,
and the cold nightly zephyr bites my ass cheeks and makes my eyeballs as dry as
sawdust. In the desert, the night quickly turns from brisk to cold. But it’s always dry. I
slap my beret against a herd of buzzing mosquitos and wipe my ass clean with
another newspaper. JizzingSoldier returns, so I inform him that:
“I am Reggie, Annihilator of Earth.”
He avoids climbing back up until the repugnant smell goes away. I decide to kill time
by playing with the night vision goggles we were given. Everything looks greenish
through the lens, exactly the way it looks in video games. It reminds me of Tom
Clancy’s Splinter Cell, my favorite game in history. I keep looking around, but my
attention quickly snaps into hyper focus..
392Destination Poon
HOLY FUCK.
Am I dreaming? Is this real? Looking through the lens, I see it clearly. There are...
TWO MEN APPROACHING US FROM THE DESERT.
I’ll never forget the intense sensation I felt when I was staring at these two
characters through the lens. It’s the feeling of being alive, the same feeling people try
to experience when they go bungee jumping.
These two men are a few hundred yards away from us, so I immediately try to inform
the main control room through our military radio transceiver. But... SHIT! The device
doesn’t work. No matter how hard I try, I just can’t get this analog transceiver
operated. This piece of junk doesn’t show a sign of life.
I tell JizzingSoldier to hurry up and take a look through the night vision goggles. He
thinks I’m screwing around just to make him smell my shit. But I insist, so he comes
up to look. That’s when he goes into a panic himself:
“HOLY FUCK!”
We look at each other and immediately load our weapons. We are not going to die
tonight. We are here to protect the Holy Land of Hummus. We will not let these two
fuckers slip in and kill our friends. I again look through the lens. Something feels a bit
strange. Why haven’t these two green, man-shaped silhouettes moved at all?
They’re still in the same place. Are they digging a fucking tunnel there? Are they
going to snipe at us? I try to take a look, but the zoom in my lens is enough only to
see their overall human shape, nothing further.
JizzingSoldier and I begin to devise a plan. At first, we think it might be best that one
of us to will go back to base and notify everyone. But then we remember that the
base is too far away, so it’s probably best to stick together and protect one another.
393Destination Poon
Remember, back when it happened we were still young cubs, only nineteen, and I
was so fucking terrified I seriously thought we were about to get sniped by Hezbollah
terrorists.
So what do we do? Obviously, we can’t just shoot into the distance. In Israel, you go
to jail if you shoot someone before you fully identify him as a weapon-wielding
terrorist with a malicious intent. But we’re both so scared of getting sniped that we
climb down the guard post and hunker behind a huge metal container with our M16
rifles loaded. I then begin the identification ritual by yelling to them to stop and
surrender.
They don’t answer.
JizzingSoldier begins to yell in Arabic.
Still no answer.
Are they playing with us? I take another look through the goggles. The viewpoint isn’t
so great from here, but they still seem to be pretty much around the same distance
away. But what the fuck are they doing there? It’s just a large expanse of sand,
devoid of anything interesting. It must be some kind of a trap, and we must not fall
into it.
Now seriously, how would you react? You’re in the middle of a Middle Eastern
nowhere, protecting a military base at night, and it’s so fucking dark wild jackals must
be hiding in fear. You look through your night vision goggles and spot two suspicious
men. It’s scary as fuck, and in the back of your mind there are all those stories of
Israeli soldiers being murdered or kidnapped by Arab terrorists. What would you do?
Oh, Mother Israel! We shall protect you. JizzingSoldier and I signal each other to
take positions. I take the right side. We keep yelling stuff in Arabic, but the two men
just won’t answer. With hearts racing, bodies trembling in cold sweat, and assault
rifles loaded with deadly bullets — we remain hunkered in fear behind the metal
394Destination Poon
container. Our plan is to wait for these two men to get close.
We wait.
And then wait some more.
We end up waiting for a good few hours, staying hunkered behind the container as
we reminisce about our lives. But where are these two men? It puzzles us. I take a
glimpse through the night vision lens and see their silhouettes still there. What are
they doing? Nobody in his right mind would be here in the desert at night, right
outside a guarded military property. And why aren’t they moving? We keep our
positions for a few hours, until the skies brighten up a little. Only in the early morning
— when the sun begins to rise — do I allow myself to sneak back up into the post to
get a good vantage point again. I peek through the lens and zoom in. I am then
shocked.
HOLY CRAP.
This is what I see through the lens:
TWO CARDBOARD TARGETS.
It was just a fucking shooting range! Those two men were just two cardboard targets
shaped like real humans. It’s now official: We are the worst soldiers in the history of
the IDF. Full of shame, we later go back to base and tell everyone of our turbulent
night. They all erupt in laughter. We deserve the mockery.
The next day, they fix the radio transceiver. That day, I am sent to guard another post
with my good friend Alex. It’s the day Brazil plays against France in the playoffs. And
because it’s prohibited to talk on the radio about anything other than military duty, we
all agree on a secret frequency to switch to once one of our off-duty friends gives a
signal. He gives only one, and that’s when Thierry Henry scores the only goal in the
game. Everyone’s unhappy, because come on, who prefers France over Brazil? Alex
395Destination Poon
isn’t interested in sports, so he kills time by reading poetic carvings made by bored
soldiers who had manned this guard post in the past:
“We were kids and it was long ago... Myself, Simon and little Moise... I was Tarzan,
and Simon was...”
During the shift, I get so hungry that I ask for food through the radio. The transceiver
works flawlessly! My friend Hagbi, a skinny Jewish-Yemeni dude with a generous
heart, walks all the way from camp to bring me a plate of hot rice and chicken. But all
this is just a gastrointestinal introduction to what comes next.
You see, the next day, the day we’re supposed to leave, I am given another eight
hours of guard duty. It’s my last one. But when my shift ends, nobody comes to
replace me. I try to find out what’s going on over the radio:
“Who the fuck is supposed to replace me?”
A manly voice answers:
“The girls, but we’re all going to leave in two hours anyway. They figured you won’t
mind to just stay there for a little longer.”
Motherfuckeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeers.
“Hell hath no fury like a guard scorned.”
“Ah, then I’ll tell them to come and replace you as soon as possible.”
So I wait.
And wait.
And wait some more.
396Destination Poon
I hit the nine-hour mark. My brain is fried from boredom. I am so irritated by the
massive herd of mosquitos and flies all eating me alive that I consider leaving the
post unmanned. I pick up the transceiver again:
“Fuck it, I’m coming back.”
The commander then gets on line:
“I will now personally go and see what’s up with the girls. But don’t leave the
watchtower empty, Regev. You’ll go to jail if you do that.”
I deem his warning valid and decide to wait just a little longer.
...
...
...
NOBODY COMES.
After a little while, the commander’s voice emerges from the transceiver again:
“Reggie, the girls are on their way. We’re going to stay for another day.”
YEAH, BABY!
On a normal day, this would have been disappointing news. But under the current
circumstances, where these two bitches are so lazy they decide to choose sloth over
a good sense of morality, I couldn’t be happier. I’m going to give them a nasty act of
retribution. I’m going to inject some Reggie magic into the situation and give them a
good lesson for life. You might have fucked me by a good hour or two, but I’ll be the
397Destination Poon
one to come up with the upper hand. So what did I do? I’ll save you the suspense:
I took a massive dump in the middle of the guard post.
This time, I do it without any newspapers or anything. It’s a disgusting, repulsive pile
of poop and diarrhea reeking of sulfurous compounds and bad military food. I can
almost swear the repellent smell comes from the chicken and rice Hagbi gave me
yesterday. This has all been stewing in my stomach since that last meal. And the
odious fumes of methane, ammonia, and sulfur now make the watchtower stink like
a sewer in India.
Reggie the Avenger. Reggie the Lord of Destruction. Reggie the Shitty Soldier.
Now, for you to truly understand the dynamics of the following moment, I need to
give you a proper description of the area. This specific guard post is about a fifteen
minute walk from camp. When somebody comes to replace you, you can usually see
their figure from far away, about ten minutes before they actually make it to you. But
because after eight hours you’re in such a rush to get back, you usually begin to
walk toward them when they’re like three minutes away. So you cross paths not by
the watchtower, but a little further up the road.
I am soon excited. I see the girls coming toward the post, two fucking hours after
their original designated time. But I don’t mind it anymore. This is going to be epic. I
take another look at my dump. Enough time has passed that there are now hundreds
of flies accumulated all over it. It’s one of my best works of art ever. A true
masterpiece. When the girls are a few minutes away, I climb down from the post and
begin to walk toward them.
...
We cross paths. I just nod, smile and keep on walking without looking back. It
reminds me of the movie Django Unchained. Remember the last scene when Django
shoots Samuel Jackson in the knees and plants a bomb in the house? There’s some
398Destination Poon
nice Tarantino music in the background, Django walks outside to his wife in slow-
motion, and the house then blows to pieces behind him. That’s exactly how I feel.
The fumes of repellence must have been too much for two Israeli girls to bear,
because the next thing I hear is a howl:
“AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH REGGIEEEEE YOU’RE
DISGUSTIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIING!!!!!”
I wish someone had captured my face on camera. Because I was bursting into
laughter so hard and raw I had to hold on to myself. I went back to camp with a big,
nasty smirk on my face. It was definitely worth the extra two hours. And are you
wondering what the girls did there for hours around my shit? This guard post was
very small — fitting two persons max — and they were both standing there tightly
close to the edges the whole time. They didn’t want to step in my shit by mistake,
and they were too disgusted to just clean it up. After that day, they were always on
time. So I guess the moral of the story is this:
You deserve as much respect as you demand from people. An eye for an eye, a
tooth for a tooth — if people treat you like shit, I say shit back on them.
399Destination Poon
The Transporter
A gem cannot be polished without friction, nor a man perfected without trials. (Lucius
Annaeus Seneca)
The most intense memory I have from the military is when some terrorists from Gaza
once launched a rocket into our base. We were all asleep, and the rocket landed
directly on a tent about thirty yards away from us. Luckily no one died. But the blast
was so earthshakingly deafening that my heart was racing like a Japanese Bullet
Train. I stormed out of the tent looking for cover, driven by a profound primal urge for
survival.
You see, living in Israel teaches you some brutal truths. You learn that you should
never trust your enemies. That the living inherit the wars of the dead. That it takes
two to tango, for both war and peace. And most important, it teaches you that life is a
precious gift to cherish and savor because it can so easily slip away. However...
I didn’t seem to remember any of this on my last trip to the Philippines.
I decided to fly through Jordan because the flight was half the cost. My mom was
worried because she didn’t want me kidnapped by a terrorist organization. She once
cancelled a ticket I booked to Ethiopia because she was afraid I’d be raped and
murdered by “African cannibals.” That was a little ridiculous, of course, but her
concerns about Jordan were quite valid. It’s common sense here in Israel to avoid
traveling to Arab countries and to always conceal our Israeli identity in inimical areas.
You probably can’t relate to that if you come from the peaceful West, but trust me —
it’s that serious. Plenty of Jewish Israelis have been murdered by Arabs before. But
still, I ended up taking the flight. Ah, no matter how much I value life, no matter how
many times I survive crazy repercussions, I still ignore common sense from time to
time. This was one of those times, and here’s how it went:
Since Jordan is our neighbor, I cross the border by foot. It’s my first time in an Arab
400Destination Poon
country. Once on the other side, I look around and see signposts in Arabic
everywhere. Other than a tiny cluster of date trees, it’s mostly lifeless, arid, and very
Middle Eastern. The capital Amman is a good two hours away from us, and I feel a
strong urge to get there quickly. It’s already not a good idea to be here, and I have a
bad gut feeling. This barren border area is way too silent, and that’s never a good
sign. Especially when you’re an Israeli in an Arab place.
The only problem is that there are no taxis or buses around. The people who have
crossed the border with me are all Arabs who have people waiting to pick them up.
Asking one of them for a ride is akin to playing Russian roulette with the Devil. Yes,
chances are nothing will happen. But let’s say there’s a 15% chance for one of them
to be an anti-Israel fanatic. Would you take the risk? Of course not.
So I wait there for a good ten minutes and try to come up with a solution. Do I wait
for public transportation? Do I catch a ride with someone? Do I try to interact with
one of the locals, risking the exposure of my identity? Luckily, there’s no need to
decide. Mother Fortuna is on my side today! Guess what? A taxi emerges from
nowhere. I approach the driver with a smile, trying to sound American:
“I need to go to Amman.”
He looks back at me:
“Sorry, I wait for someone.”
But before I have time to react, a voice speaks from behind me. It’s in Hebrew, but
with an Arabic accent:
“He’s waiting for me, but you can come along. I’m going to Amman.”
I shift my head back and see a muscular, bald guy with a chiseled Middle Eastern
look, a strong stature, and fingers the size of chorizos. He wears a black jacket and
looks in his late thirties or early forties. How can I accurately depict him? Let’s just
401Destination Poon
say he looks like an Arabic replica of Jason Statham from The Transporter, or one of
his other movies with the exact same plot. At first, I am suspicious. But then I
remember that it is me who approached them and not the other way around. This
sways my decision, so I hop into the taxi.
During the ride, there’s a short friendly snippet of conversation between us, but
JasonStatham is mostly silent. Is he just disguising his true intent? I’m not sure. I
have always believed you can judge a man’s character by the way he treats those
who serve him. The waiter in the restaurant. The clerk in the shop. The taxi driver.
And JasonStatham seems to treat our driver with respect.
The way to Amman turns out to be even more arid than the border itself. It looks
completely devoid of organisms, except for the occasional tumbleweed blowing
nearby. Thirty minutes later, we reach an intersection in the middle of a barren
nowhere, and that’s when my heart begins to beat faster. Because there are two
signposts. And though one of them says “Amman,” JasonStatham points his finger to
the opposite direction. The driver nods in agreement and turns the car to the left.
HOLY FUCK.
“Amman is on the right, where are we going?”
JasonStatham looks at me through the mirror and smiles. He tells me that he’s going
to get his rented vehicle from somewhere nearby and that from there he’ll take me to
Amman.
SHIT.
Oh, Reggie, what have you gotten yourself into? An increased sense of awareness
takes over me. This doesn’t feel good at all. Is this fortuitous commingling of events
about to get me killed, or worse, kidnapped? For Israelis, being kidnapped means
being held hostage for years, usually in dark underground tunnels, until they
eventually either kill you or bargain with the Israeli government for enough terrorist
402Destination Poon
prisoners in exchange for your life. My heart begins to race. AND WHY IS
JASONSTATHAM SMILING?
I try not to react to this unexpected turn of events. Remember, Reggie: Always
conserve your energy and keep things in perspective. The world will always test for
your strength, and you must not relinquish control to panic or impulse. Don’t get
frantic. Trust serendipity to work in your favor, because it always does. This self-
hypnosis does help a little, but not much. Because while I’ve always lived for new
experiences and challenges, I never imagined my end to be in a Jordanian
wasteland at the hands of an Arab double of Jason Statham. I must do something.
Fifteen minutes later, we reach what seems to be an old market full of Muslim
women. I can only see their eyes, because their bodies are covered in full black
clothing. It must be scorchingly hot in these suits. The taxi rounds a corner,
screeches to a halt, and leaves us there. There are donkeys all around us.
JasonStatham asks me to wait for ten minutes while he goes to get the car from a
nearby building. Well, hello, where else can I go? It’s not like I’m going to escape
back to Israel on a donkey. So I wait. And the next scene is almost surreal:
Right there, surrounded by donkeys, dust, and the Islamic dress code,
JasonStatham emerges back from the building with a black BMW. It’s not totally new
— about five years old — and there’s a bunch of dents above the rear right wheel.
But still, a BMW in the middle of an arid nowhere full of donkeys.
I hop in the seat next to JasonStatham and hope for the best. Assuming he is indeed
on his way to Amman, we should have somewhere between one to two hours until
we reach our destination.
Fast forward an hour.
What do you think happened? Was I kidnapped? Was I beheaded in a dark alley?
I’m still here writing this book, right? The truth is, I quickly developed a great rapport
with JasonStatham. I learned that he lives in Ramallah, the Palestinian city in the
403Destination Poon
center of the West Bank. And guess what he does for a living? He’s a... sit down
please:
TRANSPORTER.
No fucking way! What are the odds? Here I am, catching a ride with an Arab replica
of Jason Statham who smuggles for a living. But how exactly did I get him to open up
and tell me about his private life? It began when we stopped in an Arab eatery and
watched Jordan against Oman in the World Cup qualifiers. Jason Statham then
invited me to a plate of delicious Jordanian mansaf — steamy rice and fatty lamb in
creamy spiced-yoghurt sauce. I tried to pay for it, but he insisted. After we finished,
we were back on the road to Amman. JasonStatham asks:
“So, what do you do for a living?”
“Internet business and stuff.”
“You Jews... Always with those businesses.”
I laugh. JasonStatham smiles and says:
“But where do you think I learned how to make money? From Arabs? We’re stupid. I
learned it from my friends Moshe and Yossi from Tel Aviv!”
“What do you do?”
“We transport black money from Israel to Dubai through Jordan.”
“How dangerous is it?”
“You saw the dents on the back of the car? That’s from last month. I was
transporting two million dollars and some people were shooting at my car in
Amman.”
404Destination Poon
HOLY SHIT. This is not some Hollywood crap. This is a real Transporter.
“Man, I hope I make it alive to the Philippines.”
JasonStatham laughs sardonically:
“Don’t worry, it’s only a small amount today.”
With the image of his dented car still fresh in my head, our conversation drifts off to
all kinds of topics. The kinds that can universally connect men of all religions and
cultures. JasonStatham begins to tell me about the women in his world. He
especially likes the ones from Ramallah. I’m not sure why. I tell him that girls from
Haifa are the sexiest women in Israel, and that the Mediterranean breeze seems to
do wonders for their skin. He then tells me about a chick from Jerusalem he had just
deflowered last week. I ask him how he can be so sure he was her first.
“Trust me, we know it when we see it.”
“See what?”
“Our rule of thumb is this: If she leaves three reddish-brownish blood droplets on
your mattress, then you know you’re her first.”
Wow, this leaves me puzzled. What if she gives exactly two, or four, droplets? What
if the color isn’t red-brown? JasonStatham insists that if the girl is a virgin, there
should be exactly three droplets on the mattress. To this day, I’m still perplexed by
this conversation. I even tried to google it and found nothing. So if you’re an Arab
and can explain this, by all means send me an email and help me solve this mystery.
What’s this three droplets thing about?
We reach Amman in the evening. But just when I think the worst case scenario has
passed, just when I think I have made a new Arab best friend, just when I think I’m
405Destination Poon
safe — our relationship takes a sharp turn. Both literally and figuratively. Because
instead of dropping me in some hotel in the city center (my flight is tomorrow),
JasonStatham drives through the whole city, continues down a highway for another
fifteen minutes, and then takes a turn onto a dark street in the middle of nowhere.
Translation: I AM FUCKED.
The street is completely pitch black. I don’t see any street lights around. It’s as if the
power had been cut to this side of the city. My heart begins to pound so fast it feels
like it’s hammering its way out of my chest. Did JasonStatham hide his true, dark
intentions the whole way? Am I about to die? Seriously, why the fuck did he enter
this dodgy place? I move my hand down slowly to reach for the door handle so that I
can throw myself out of the vehicle in case he pulls out a weapon. I also raise my
knee a little so that it hides the handle and my hand from his eyes. I don’t want him
to think that I suspect him. He drives for another minute or two and then screeches
the car to a full stop. He points to a big, pink private villa that looks straight out of
Miami:
“I’m going to see a friend. It will only take fifteen minutes, come join us.”
Now, what can I do? Escape and try to find my way through this dark neighborhood,
in the middle of fucking Jordan? Assessing the situation in my head, I start to ask
myself questions. Did JasonStatham tell me about his sketchy job because he knew
I wouldn’t make it out of here alive anyway? Am I going to be held hostage in this
pink mansion? Does it belong to Hamas or Al Qaeda? And what the fuck is this three
blood droplets thing? It still puzzles me, even in the face of adversity. But... I still
follow him. There’s not much I can do. We climb the stairway until we reach a large
wooden door. JasonStatham knocks on it. Hold your breath now. Guess what
happens?
I could have never expected it, even in my wildest imagination. Not only am I not
murdered by fanatic Arabs, not only am I not kidnapped for military purposes, not
only am I not tortured for intelligence — but I am welcomed by a chocolate-skinned
406Destination Poon
Sri Lankan maid into a living room so lavish and luxurious it feels like the royal
mansion of a Persian emperor. I have never, ever seen a house like this in my whole
life. Let me try to describe the living room — no, this Taj Mahal banquet room — in a
way that captures the true richness of it:
The whole place is carpeted in a red-purplish woven fabric that’s decorated with
symmetric designs of royalty. It’s a vast living room, so immense that you could put a
yacht in there because the ceiling towers above the floor. And everything — I mean
EVERYTHING — is made out of gold and gems. The big table and dozens of chairs,
the sumptuous chandelier, literally everything around glitters with gold and ruby red. I
sit on a golden sofa and feel like Ali Baba when he first open-sesames the splendid
den of gold and precious stones. The Sri Lankan maid comes and lights an Indian
incense. It smells sweet, like a market of exotic flowers. Five minutes later, she
returns with a golden Turkish-coffee pot, pouring its delicious dark contents into
three golden, jewel-encrusted cups.
Three cups, because it’s now me, JasonStatham, and his friend who owns this
house. He’s a middle-aged Jordanian man with a thick, curly, grey mustache. We
spend the next fifteen minutes speaking about travel.
“So, where’s your flight heading to tomorrow?”
“The Philippines.”
“Oh, I love the Far East! Let me show you what I’ve collected all over Asia.”
He then shows me all kinds of rare incenses and spices. They smell amazing. He
and JasonStatham begin to speak in Arabic, possibly about a Lamborghini. It’s the
only word I can salvage from their conversation. And I’m just sitting there, watching
them talk. Inhaling the scent of the Indian incense. Astonished by all the gold and
gems. Isn’t life crazy? If only hours ago you would have told me that later today I’d
find myself in a lavish mansion in Jordan, with two Arabs, I’d say you’re absolutely
insane. But here I am, drinking coffee from a golden cup, on a golden sofa. Never
407Destination Poon
say never. As soon as the world interacts with your plans — they are invalidated.
Forty-five minutes later, we leave. I am extremely happy to have my body intact. Not
to mention a great story. JasonStatham drops me in the city center next to a hotel
that he claims to be his favorite in Amman. He then gives me a firm handshake. A
man’s handshake can tell you everything you need to know about his soul. And a
man with a firm handshake is usually a good, strong man. I hug and thank
JasonStatham and begin to cross the road toward the hotel’s reception. But after I
take a few steps, I stop and turn back around to face him one more time.
“Man, I need to ask you something.”
He turns back to look at me. There’s only one question left unanswered in my mind:
“The three blood droplets, are they more... red or brown?”
408Destination Poon
Betting on the Wrong Horse
The traveler was active, he went strenuously in search of people, of adventure, of
experience. The tourist is passive; he expects interesting things to happen to him.
He goes “sightseeing.” (Daniel J. Boorstin)
Were you born in the U.S? If so, you’ll never get to know the most frustrating,
depressing thing ever invented by humanity:
Acquiring an American tourist visa.
There are so many forms to fill out, and so many interviews to go through, that they
make you feel like you’re an illegal immigrant from the Third World. And it takes
FOREVER and a day. If you’re from a nation that automatically grants travelers a
visa, it’s probably hard for you to relate. But trust me — it is hell on Earth.
However, when I was in Panama last year, I found a way to hack their system. How?
I presented myself as a successful businessman with a flight in a few days already
booked. When you want people to be more receptive to you, always make them
perceive you with high value. And if you want to rush them to act fast, add some
element of scarcity to the mix. This did the trick and I got my visa done in two days
instead of the usual two weeks.
But still, I had two days to kill until it was ready to pick up, so it was a good
opportunity to go and see some of the true Panamanian countryside before I left.
Remember the receptionist with the fleshy lips, the one from the chapter of the
robbery attempt in Panama City? I went and asked her for advice on where I could
find a remote, non-touristic place. She didn’t think twice:
“Reggie, if you like the mountains, go to Valle de Anton! It’s only a few hours away
from here. It’s beautiful!”
Without hesitation, I grabbed my belongings, went to the bus station, and caught a
409Destination Poon
two and a half hour bus ride to the valley. The very moment I arrived, it was obvious I
had made the right decision. Because as I first place my feet on Valle de Anton, I
discover a green land full of marvelous vegetation in all directions. It’s all ringed by
smoky clouds of mist so surreal you feel like you’re in The Lord of the Rings. There
are barely any cars, and everyone’s outside socializing the way humans have done
since times immemorial. This is exactly what I was looking for.
Surrounded by this intense natural beauty, I decide to go find a horse to rent. I only
have a day or two, and a horse will help me cover a much larger chunk of the area.
So I walk all around the valley until I find a ranch. I ask the owner to rent me a horse.
She asks if I know how to ride. Sure. My riding experience can be summed up as six
hours in Serbia, two hours in Guatemala, and ten minutes on a crazy Georgian
stallion. I tell her I’m a master.
When I mount her horse for the first time, I immediately fall in love. You see, horses
are not unlike women. They’ll try to test you at the beginning of a relationship, trying
to assess you and your boundaries. But once you prove your worth and set obvious
limits, they become a reliable, compliant partner. While women will try to shake your
inner state of mind to gauge your reaction (advice: never react), horses will attempt
to bounce you off their backs to see if you can dominate them. But this horse... this
horse is fully compliant from the get-go. He’s like a slut with zero self-esteem. And
since I love sluts, I love the horse too. Sluts are fun for everyone!
As I lead the steed into the green, damp, tropical mountains, which I can easily
classify as a jungle, I stop every few minutes because he seems so hungry he
continually munches on plants around us. It reminds me of a phrase in the Torah
about how you shouldn’t stop your bull from eating while he works for you. And
though I’m not religious in any way, I’m also not some ungrateful son of a bitch
either. I let him eat as much as he wants.
Our sinuous, curly way through the jungle is a narrow earthy path surrounded by all
kinds of vines, trees and different jungle flora. I limit our speed to a light jog because
I have to evade a billion incoming branches, and going fast could mean losing an
410Destination Poon
eye or two means I might lose an eye or two.
At one point, we approach a wooden bridge that hovers above a shallow river. It’s
locked by steel chains, so I assume this is a good opportunity to jump and test my
professional horseback riding skills. The steed resists my attempts. I shrug. I
suppose even slutty horses are fearful sometimes. I lead him through the river
instead.
During our walk, I keep petting his neck as I let him eat whenever he wants. Never
forget: Your employees will do a much better job if they enjoy working for you, and if
they know you like them. Whenever the horse eats, I dismount and use these short
opportunities to take photos of this virginal, lush place.
Fast forward an hour.
Our story turns upside down, both literally and figuratively, when I reach a narrow
passage with steep declines on both sides of it. It’s tempting to go in there, because
the area it leads to seems so densely hidden it feels like there’s an adventure
awaiting beyond the bushes. But it’s also risky, because the passage is narrow. If
you stumble and fall, you’re going to roll all the way down to the river. So what do I
do?
I do what seems to be the safest bet for both of us. I dismount the steed and lead
him by hand through the narrow passage. I look down. Fuck. We better stay on our
feet. As we pass, there’s a flexible trunk of a tree slightly protruding into the pathway.
I bend it out of the way so that we can cross safely. It’s only a thin tree, so it springs
back when I release it. The passage is only five to ten yards long, and we eventually
reach the other side.
Once there, I leave the horse to feed, rest and do whatever it is that horses do when
they have nothing going on. I stroll around the area and look for something
adventurous to do. But there’s nothing. It’s so dense and intermingled I can’t possibly
continue any further without crawling. I take a moment to reflect. Snakes and
411Destination Poon
poisonous creatures are a real threat. Alright, fuck it. I immediately make a U turn
and go back to the horse. He seems to look at me in confusion. Is that premonition in
his eyes? He must have noticed something too elusive for humans to capture.
I grab the horse’s reins, walk toward the passage, and begin to lead us through it.
But only a few seconds after the protruding tree, an intense neigh bursts behind me
and I can feel myself being pulled down. And it all happens so quickly I instinctively
release the reins. I then turn my head back and face true horror.
HOLY FUCK.
The horse must have lost his balance when the flexible tree sprang back and hit his
belly, because he’s now down in a small alcove, groaning, neighing and grimacing in
pain. He crashed onto the hillside so hard and fast he’ll have gravel and leaves
embedded in his skin for a month. That is if he even makes it out of here alive.
Because he has landed on his side, and now he’s trapped and locked in a niche
between the rocks. I can’t tell if this is a good or bad thing, because it prevents him
from rolling all the way down to the river.
First, I take a few seconds to shake my head in disbelief. Is this really happening?
The horse keeps neighing as he kicks around wildly and uncontrollably. He must be
trying to release himself from the tight grip that is holding him locked in that recess.
Remember, I’m still on the narrow trail, about five feet higher than him. I approach to
help but quickly back off. His kicks are so powerful they can easily kill me. How the
heck am I going to save his life? Time is of the essence. His head is lower than his
legs, and his eyes are now completely red from the blood that flows in the direction
of gravity. I do the only thing I can think of: I let him kick until exhaustion, to the point
where I can safely approach and help.
When this moment comes, a few minutes later, I dive down into the alcove, placing
myself behind his back to avoid any destructive kick he might throw. He’s still in
panic mode. The first thing I do, don’t ask me why, is try to lift him from his back. I
feel like Superman. But the beast is so massive I can’t even move him an inch. I take
412Destination Poon
a glance at my surroundings. This recess of earth makes him unable to move. I try to
lift his head higher for some blood to escape his eyes. I quickly abandon it when
something unexpected hits me...
OH FUCK.
OH FUUUUUCK!
OH FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUCK!
I get a series of excruciatingly agonizing bites and clench my teeth in pain. This
earthy patch of vines that I’m standing on, it seems to be a home nest of something
dangerous. My legs feel like they’re being repeatedly stabbed by sharp knives.
Instinctively, I drop my jeans. And then I see them for the first time. FUCK. There’s a
whole army of spidery ants all over my lower body, covering me as they lock their
teeth onto my skin. There are literally hundreds of them on me, and thousands of
them out on the ground, crawling out to protect their home. They’re like the Navi from
Avatar, defending their land against the invading humans. I jump back onto the trail,
and it’s so high that my leather moccasins dangle in the air when I lift myself. There
are clods of dirt hanging from their soles.
Once I return to stand on the narrow passage, I begin to remove each and every
spider-ant from my body. I find where they are by the bursts of soreness and intense
pain. I now completely remove my jeans from around my ankles. When I seem to be
fully clean, I take a few minutes for my nervous system to relax from the bites.
BUT WHAT ABOUT THE HORSE? They must be biting him too.
I take a deep breath and jump right back in to his rescue. I’m only in my boxers now,
and the spidery ants immediately begin to crawl all over me again. Again, I struggle
with the same vicious pain. It’s really hard to describe it if you’ve never felt it, sort of
like trying to explain to someone what being burned feels like. The best way I can
describe these creatures is they’re like a barrage of searing needles piercing your
413Destination Poon
skin all at the same time.
After a minute of grueling pain, I manage to untie the saddle. My idea is that without
the heavy, hindering equipment, the horse may be able to free himself. His eyes are
now so red he looks like a girl who had sex all night and didn’t cum. It’s the look of
death. I lift myself back up to the trail and begin the cleansing ritual again. I think
there must be some venom in these bites, because my face feels funny and my mind
begins to drift a little.
Once I’m clean of the new horde of spider-ants, I take another look down at the
horse. He’s again trying to kick, but again meets an insurmountable task. The patch
of earth in the small alcove has him completely caged and stuck in place. And the
spidery ants only exacerbate the situation. I wonder if his thicker skin protects him
from their nasty bites. But what the fuck do I do? I can’t just leave him. He would
eventually starve to death, be devoured by some nocturnal jungle predator, or simply
die from all the blood collecting in his head. And I can’t just leave him here to die. I’m
not HotPastor. I need to get some help.
Still in my boxers, and now completely covered in earth, mud and bites, I scuttle to
some corner nearby and begin to shout into the wide, open landscape that’s in front
of me:
“AYUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUDA!”
Correct me if I’m wrong, but it means “help” in Spanish, right? I give another strong
howl:
“AYUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUDA!”
Nobody answers. I look at the view. There are no houses, huts, or anything that even
remotely hints at human presence. This piece of jungle is so isolated I must be the
only one within earshot. But I’ve made the bed, and now the horse has to lie in it. I
led us deep into this misty rainforest, and it is my job to get us out. I now understand
414Destination Poon
what Orison Swett Marden meant when he said that the true test of your manhood is
how much is left in you after you have lost everything outside of yourself.
Battling my tempestuous mind, I choose to go back to the horse and stand up to this
adversity, to this challenge of creativity and dignity that Mother Fortuna has thrown
my way. I can’t let myself be hasty or impatient. I must show courage. And even if I
end up being kicked to death by the horse, or devoured alive by the spider-ants,
that’s still a lot better than dying like the billions of others who never got to
experience the feeling of being alive.
I go back to the horse, trusting my belief that the immediate threat of death makes
people a lot more creative and aware. Again, I wait a few minutes for him to
completely cease kicking. I must act fast, because his energy recharges quickly. I
need to summon every bit of gumption, so I ask myself the golden question:
What would Grandpa Faraj do?
My grandfather was one amazing man. He had the strong character of a tribal chief
and the practical hands of a Kazakh wrestler. I remember when a viper once
sneaked into one of his big pigeon coops. He locked himself inside with the serpent,
took a stick with a nail tied to its edge, and stuck it right between the snake’s eyes.
And calling forth his fearless character seems to help tremendously, because it gives
birth to an idea so brilliant it feels good enough to save the massive horse’s life. It
better work, because I can’t see any other options. Here’s what I do:
I jump right back onto the spider-ant nest, quickly being bitten from every direction as
I remove the reins from the horse’s head. I withstand the pain and tie them to the
saddle, which is still trapped under the horse’s body even though I’ve disconnected it
earlier. I then lift myself back up onto the trail, still holding the reins.
From this vantage point of the steep drop-off, I first remove the spider-ants from my
body. I then begin to pull and release the reins repeatedly, trying to produce some
momentum that will hopefully be explosive enough to slip the horse off the alcove’s
415Destination Poon
grip. I pull and release. Pull and release. Pull and release. It’s exhausting, but I have
a good feeling about it. And very shortly, something happens. There’s the sound of
rustling leaves and branches breaking, and eventually it ceases with a loud crack.
And it all happens right in front of my eyes.
HOLY SHIT!
IT FUCKING WORKED.
Unlocked from the tight recess he was trapped in, the horse slides all the way from
the spider nest down to the shallow river below, hitting plenty of branches along the
way. I quickly make my way around the rocks and down to the river. There’s blood
flowing on his body. Exulted in my successful rescue mission, my first instinct is to
embrace the horse in a big hug, like a four-year-old child. Ah! I love horses. To salve
his wounds, I dip my hands in the cold water and try to staunch the flow of blood
pouring from the side of his face. It seems to calm him down.
I then walk the steed all the way back to the ranch. He must be exhausted, so I don’t
ride him this time. It takes us more than an hour. Now, how would you respond if
somebody you rented your horse to returned late, naked, covered in mud and bites,
and with all the equipment all piled up on the horse’s back? Well, the ranch owner
becomes absolutely shocked when she sees me. She has only four words to say:
“DIOS MIO! QUE PASA???”
I smile and show her the photos on my smartphone. I took them because otherwise I
wouldn’t be able to explain to her what happened:
416Destination Poon
417Destination Poon
And how does she react? Instead of getting me a towel to clean myself, she just
stands there — still in shock — and asks me to pay for the extra hour I spent with the
horse. What can I say? Life will sometimes throw frightening tests of commitment
and courage at you. Whether you withstand them or not...
Think twice before renewing your American visa.
418Destination Poon
Her Father Will Kill You
Only those who will risk going too far can possibly find out how far one can go. (T.S.
Eliot)
A few years ago, I went to the Caucasus on a quest to document the centenarians of
Abkhazia, some of the oldest living people in the world. But, before actually heading
into Abkhazia, I allowed myself to stop and relax in a marvelous highland townlet in
Svanetti, northwest Georgia.
The townlet, practically a village, is ringed by green hills at the base of some of the
most breathtaking, gigantic mountains of Eurasia. Mountains mantled with fresh
snow, making a picture of pure, white wildness incredibly awe-inspiring. Ah, the
freedom of the mountaineer! The landscape is majestic enough to awaken the dead,
flowing life and peace into you as rivers flow into oceans. Right as I arrived, I was
astonished how rejuvenated my lungs felt by the bracing, invigorating, electric
mountain air. Air that is kept pure by both elevation and frost, able to make every hair
of your body rise in wonder. So, I allowed myself to sit down, savor the magical
landscape, and indulge myself in Georgian meat dumplings and a glass of
Khvanchkara, “Stalin’s favorite wine.”
And our story begins.
Welcoming the icy wind that bites into the exposed parts of my skin, I go for a walk
around the highland, evading huge clusters of cattle feces. I find myself in complete
awe of the mesmerizing greenery and white mountains all around. I also feel great
for the cows. These vast green pastures must be like a five star hotel to them.
Grass-fed beef everywhere!
Later, as I make my way back from the green pastures to the townlet center, I decide
to put on my black fleece because the frigid air seems to have adopted the
temperature of a full blizzard. And that’s exactly when I get to see the true beauty of
the Caucasus. It’s a large bush full of luscious, purple blueberries and...
419Destination Poon
Alright, alright, I’m kidding!
A dozen yards away, I see a young, hot blond chick with an hourglass shape
radiating health and fertility. She’s wearing a colorful knitted shawl and tight leggings.
This is one gorgeous specimen of a human female, even with no makeup. Thin,
fragile, feminine and gentle, she looks nothing like the average, stocky Georgian
woman. She actually looks Russian with these blue eyes and silky skin. Who knows?
Russia is literally right across the border, so perhaps her father had been cuckolded
by some Russian soldier during the war. Oh, and did I mention the flamboyant way
she sashays across the street, seductively moving her hips from side to side?
JACKPOT! I HAVE FOUND THE VILLAGE SLUT.
Without waiting a second, I yell the first thing that comes to my mind:
“HEY!”
She turns around with a big smile across her face. She can tell I’m a foreigner. We
then begin to step toward one another, and I try to implant lust in her brain by giving
her my “We’re going to have sex tonight” eyes. She clearly isn’t used to interacting
with foreigners, because she continues to fidget nervously from side to side. I ask:
“Where is the center of this place?”
I know the answer, but hey — I need to talk about something. She points to the
center and says:
“It’s in that direction. I’m going there too!”
Sweeeeeeeeeeeet, she can speak English! Mother Fortuna is on my side today.
“Would you be my tour guide?”
420Destination Poon
“Hahaha sure!”
Game on. I begin to tease her:
“What’s that?”
“Ahh... what?”
“Your nose is cute from that angle.”
HotGeorgian is now laughing histrionically, prodding my elbow. That’s good. If a girl
initiates contact with you, she’s interested. Ten minutes later, we head into a local
restaurant at the center. I order another glass of local wine. HotGeorgian orders beer
and lights a cigarette. She’s just eliminated her chance for a kiss later. But this also
confirms to me that she’s indeed the promiscuous, “misunderstood” girl of the village.
Whenever you see a woman drinking or smoking in public in a country where it’s not
socially accepted for them to do so, you can be damn sure she’s substantially more
likely to suck your cock and swallow your seed in a public toilet.
Soon, one of her “girl” friends joins us for a drink. I say “girl,” because she’s one
ghastly creature. She has a thick mustache — thicker than mine, actually — and her
nose is so peculiar it makes her look like some kind of a sea donkey. These girls are
the classic pairing of the super ugly and the super hot. Also, there’s something else
on my mind. Right before I flew to the Caucasus, Muli had asked me to bring him
back a hair from a Georgian girl’s mustache. He jokingly asked for it as a gift for his
upcoming wedding with my cousin Karin. Let’s surprise him. This is the perfect
opportunity. Pearls of wisdom come out of my mouth:
“Can you give me a hair from your mustache as a souvenir from Georgia? Where I
come from, girls would love to have this kind of mustache. It’s very rare in Israel!”
HotGeorgian struggles to suppress her laughter. UglyGeorgian frowns at me with
421Destination Poon
contempt and says:
“Fuck you!”
What can I say? Trying to be a good friend is a difficult thing sometimes.
My hope of bedding HotGeorgian quickly fades when the sky begins to darken. In
many traditional countries, like Georgia, it’s not accepted for girls to be outside after
the sun goes down. We now have to part ways. But before I walk back to my
guesthouse, I make sure to take her phone number.
The next day, I get a reminder of human nature: HotGeorgian doesn’t even return my
call or messages. In Direct Marketing, we always aim to seal the deal immediately
when you meet the customer, when the buying temperature is high. That’s when
they’re most likely to respond. If she goes home to think about it, she’ll never return.
But fuck it. This place is too beautiful to dwell on this.
I go and stroll around the highland again. Soon, I befriend some local dude with
obvious criminal tendencies. He has the tough, stoic appearance of the average
Georgian man, and the raspy voice of Don Corleone. There’s also another thing to
him, some playful aura that makes you want to conduct practical jokes together.
Later, he helps me find somebody with a horse to rent so that I can go around and
immerse myself in the beautiful nature around the village. We have an hour and a
half to kill until the horse’s owner returns from the mountains, so our conversation
naturally drifts off to the hottest topic around: HotGeorgian. DonCorleone’s eyes light
up:
“I FUCKED HER TWO YEARS AGO! SHE IS MOST BAD GIRL IN THIS PLACE!”
So I was right. Ladies and gentlemen, it’s universally easy to recognize a slut.
Remember the maxim:
The more she smokes, the more she drinks, the more flamboyant she is — the more
422Destination Poon
likely she is to swallow your cum an hour after you meet her.
Curious, I ask DonCorleone how many partners he thinks HotGeorgian has had. His
answer catches me unprepared:
“I think two, me and another one from here.”
Gotta love traditional countries! In Georgia, any girl who has sex before marriage is
considered a slut — and no man marries a girl who isn’t a virgin. Einstein was right.
Everything is relative, even sluttiness. While HotGeorgian would be considered an
angel in the West, here she’s nothing but a champion mare to pump and dump.
Soon, the horse arrives. But the word “horse” doesn’t really capture the nature of this
beast. It’s a HUGE black stallion that looks like a warhorse bred from Alexander the
Great. You can almost smell the scent of testosterone wafting from its gigantic balls.
Should I do it? Should I take it into the woods by myself? Of course you should,
Reggie, of course you should. You may have only a few hours of riding experience,
but you’ll be fine.
RIIIIIIIIIGHT.
Literally the moment I mount the beast, it tries to headbutt me wildly, attempting to
throw me off its back. And when it fails to do that, it begins to run — no, SPRINT
LIKE A MOFO — and all I can do is grab hold of the saddle, literally holding on for
my life.
HOOOOOOOOOOOOLYYYYYYYY FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUCK!!!
Still clinging to the saddle, the landscape skids past in a blur. The brute stallion flies
like a fucking lightning bolt, and a deep, primal sense of fear kicks in. How the fuck
am I going to survive it? This beast is like the Usain Bolt of horses, the pinnacle of
speed on Earth. It’s a four-legged Ferrari, only there’s no seat-belt.
423Destination Poon
DonCorleone and his friends, who brought the beast down from the mountains, are
now all staring at my helpless self clinging to the saddle. The horse keeps racing
around, now heading toward the freezing river ahead. I struggle not to panic. When
people panic they deviate from reason and make mistakes. I shout:
“THIS IS A GOOD DAY TO DIE!”
The massive horse keeps sprinting toward the river, but it quickly turns to race in
another direction. Not too far away, I see UglyGeorgian exiting a shop. She sees me
glued to the saddle and a wide smile spreads across her face. She must be hoping
for me to fall, crush my skull and spill my brains into the river. Bitch. Just remember
that while I might die, you’re the one who’s going to spend a lifetime with a
manstache. The huge beast then turns sharply to the left and begins to sprint even
faster in the direction of an extremely narrow road.
SHIT.
I now have concrete walls skidding past in a blur at my sides. I don’t want them to
shave the flesh off my bones, so I tighten my legs around the horse’s belly.
Remember Miyamoto Musashi, Reggie. Remember that while you may abandon
your body, you must preserve your honor. I try to pull the reins a couple of times, but
the massive, uncontrollable beast sweeps its head back ferociously and tries to
headbutt me again. Testosterone — the very elixir of masculinity — runs abundantly
in its blood. This horse is clearly the alpha male of the two of us.
To my elation and relief, DonCorleone and his friends manage to corner the raging,
monstrous warhorse when it takes a turn out of the narrow street. When it fully
comes to a stop, there are about fifteen locals all surrounding it for safety. I rapidly
dismount the beast. The owner mounts it instead. The large mammal becomes fully
compliant. I conclude that his owner is a better man than I.
With my heart still pounding — racing like a cheetah chasing an antelope — I begin
to walk to the center. Have I actually just survived a near-death experience? I have
424Destination Poon
to sit down. I have to get back to my senses. I have to get some more of that Stalin’s
favorite wine. I make a mental note never to ride Georgian horses again.
But wait a second, what does this all have to do with HotGeorgian? I know you’re a
pervert with no sense of human decency, so I’ll save you the suspense. I was too
busy that day, so I didn’t text her or anything. Texting is fucking lame. You should
always have better things to do than swiping your finger across a screen. It is your
penis — and not your thumb — that should be leading your interactions with women.
But guess what?
HotGeorgian herself comes to visit me the morning after the horse incident. I figure
she must have been told about it by UglyGeorgian after she saw me and laughed. Is
the whole village now talking about that poor foreigner on the horse? I don’t know. I
only care about one thing: The spark of attraction in HotGeorgian’s eyes.
It’s early morning, so we go out for a walk around the townlet. The rising sun
struggles to break through the misty gloom, and my mind can’t stop visualizing
HotGeorgian nude in one of the green pastures. As we walk, I look around to geotag
hidden spots for when the moment of debauchery comes. I find none. I remain terse
this morning, but I also decide to build some connection between us by using my
sixth sense of identifying girls with daddy issues:
“Let me guess something. When you were young, something happened, something
with your father.”
Her eyes open up in surprise:
“OH MY GOD, ARE YOU A PSYCHOLOGIST?”
I smile. She says that something indeed happened, but she doesn’t want to talk
about it. I respect that. She’s curious:
“How did you know?”
425Destination Poon
“You move a lot, you need attention. You try too hard to look happy.”
She then looks at me with submissive eyes, pouring out her soul:
“Everyone here thinks I’m happy... but I’m not. You’re a very smart man.”
“I am a magician. Pick a number from one to ten. Quick, and don’t tell me!”
She rolls her eyes upwards and thinks for a moment. I wait a few seconds and
exclaim:
“Seven.”
“OH MY GOD, HOW DID YOU KNOW???”
This is just awesome. In Israel, everybody knows most people’s instinct is to pick
seven when asked this question. HotGeorgian becomes excited, prodding my elbow
for more magic tricks. I don’t know what to say. It is the only trick I know. I remain
mysterious:
“An artist always keeps the best of his art to himself.”
This makes her even more into me. Remember, folks: Ambiguity sparks vaginas to
life.
We keep walking around the townlet, and the whole time I’m thinking where the heck
am I going to bang this young beauty. Yes, ladies, those are the kinds of things men
think about when they date you. You see, it’s not like London or New York here. It’s
only a small village. HotGeorgian won’t do it unless she’s certain nobody can see us.
No girl — even a slut — wants to have the reputation of a slut. In many places
around the world, having that reputation can mean the difference between a happy
life and unmarried loneliness. So I make a mental note to find a place before it gets
426Destination Poon
too dark again. Where is it going to be? The pastures? They’re too windy and too
steep. The woods? I fear hungry bears to see me as exotic prey. The solution shows
itself when we reach one of the tall, historic watchtowers of the highland.
HotGeorgian tells me softly:
“I can get us up there...”
I nod in agreement. HotGeorgian goes for a minute and returns with the keys. She
got them from one of the neighbors. I now look up. This tower looks epic, lost in time.
HotGeorgian unlocks the medieval-looking door, and we slowly enter the dark space
inside. Wait a sec, was she too trying to find a place to fuck the whole time? We
climb a stairway all the way to the fourth level of the tower. From this vantage point,
the panorama is breathtaking, so I sit by the edge and take some photos. I rejoice at
the gratitude that I feel for living to see a place like this.
HotGeorgian comes and sits beside me. She can now easily push me to my death
were she evil enough. I focus my gaze on her. She begins to talk rapidly and
incoherently about something. She’s nervous. The intimacy of this whole moment
seems to be too stressful for this young, delicate snowflake. I smile. It’s time to kiss. I
pull her face toward me, and the inevitable happens. She tastes of youth,
gentleness, inexperience, and Georgian food.
I quickly push us back inside. Not only because I don’t want to fall down and die, but
also because I don’t want to cause any troubles to HotGeorgian if anyone sees us. I
then pull away from the kiss and fondle her thin arms. She is so fragile I feel like The
Rock next to her. I send one of my hands to explore her tits from under her shirt.
They’re larger than I thought. These layers of winter clothing must have hidden them
well. And in this highly charged moment, HotGeorgian breathes slowly and whispers
into my ear:
“Do you think we should have sex?”
TRAP ALERT. Remember, Reggie, never argue with her.
427Destination Poon
“No.”
We continue to make out for another five minutes. Until suddenly, a loud noise
comes from the bottom floor. Know those moments when you get a gut feeling that
an adversity is approaching? It’s one of those. Someone has stormed into the the
tower and seems to be running up to us. We immediately begin to climb up until
there are no more stairs left. It’s about ten stories high. There’s only a wooden ladder
to the rooftop, and we climb it too.
My mind is now completely blown. If earlier I was astonished by the beauty all
around me, I am now speechless. Because from this high rooftop, I see the whole
shape of the highland for the first time. The snowy mountains. The green pastures.
The hills. More towers like this one. This place is godly. But we should also be
careful. The roof is so tiny and precarious that one misstep and you’re on a strapless
bungee jump directly to your death.
But just when I think we have lost whoever was running up the tower, that person
peeks his head through the shaft and climbs up to us. Guess who it is?
DonCorleone in all his glory, DRUNK AS FUCK.
He’s so fucking drunk he begins to wrestle with me in a friendly way. SHIT. This roof
is dangerous. I try to bring him to his senses, but it doesn’t work. And he makes so
much noise it’s impossible for the villagers around not to notice us. The next thing we
all hear is a loud shout coming from a field right beneath us. I don’t have a clue what
it means, but I do know that the voice sounds hostile. HotGeorgian immediately
adopts a fearful facial expression:
“Oh my God, it’s my uncle! He knows we’re here!!!”
We quickly descend down and part ways before things get too complicated. Before I
leave, HotGeorgian stops me:
428Destination Poon
“Will you call me tomorrow?”
I smile. I surely will.
But the next day, when I meet with DonCorleone, I discover that the situation is more
serious than I thought:
“Reggie, brother, run for your life. Her father will kill you.”
Uh-oh.
“What do you mean?”
“It is dangerous for you. He have sword.”
“They still kill for this here?”
“Yes.”
“Are you serious?”
“Yes, in the past we kill with swords, but we are modern now. We use guns. But I
think her father have sword.”
HOLY FUCK.
He says this in such a calm way, as if killing people here is as common a practice as
making wine. The expression on his face, the tone of his voice, the language of his
body, they all tell me he isn’t joking. So I ask:
“What are the chances that he’ll kill me?”
429Destination Poon
DonCorleone laughs.
“When I fucked her, he wanted to kill me too so I escaped to the capital city Tbilisi. I
came back only after six months when I was married. They don’t kill you if you’re
married.”
Oh. My. God.
I couldn’t handle a Georgian horse, now how can I handle an angry Georgian father?
I immediately go back and lock myself inside my private room. I spend the whole
night visualizing her father breaking in, killing me with the same axe he chops lumber
with in his yard. Or with that sword DonCorleone was talking about. I end up waking
at five in the morning to catch the earliest public transportation out of the highland.
And since then, I’ve never dared to mess with a local girl in Georgia ever again.
This story has two epilogues.
Shortly after, I get the following Facebook message from a friend of HotGeorgian:
“fuck you son of a bitch!!! you think you can come here and fuck our girls?
motherfucker go back to israel to your jewish sluts fuck you if you come back I will kill
you myself you son of a bitch”
White knights are everywhere! My response?
“Don’t be jealous.”
But the truly shocking part for me was literally last month, when I was visiting my
cousin Chen who’s married to an amazing Jewish-Georgian guy in northern Israel.
We were at his family’s house. And since they’re all originally from Georgia, I started
telling them this story. His father stopped me short, completely shocked:
“ARE YOU CRAZY? Everybody in Georgia knows not to mess with the girls in
430Destination Poon
Svanetti! The men there are so strong even the Russians were afraid to fight them in
the war. And they have those special swords they use to kill men who mess with their
girls. You are insane, and you’re lucky to be alive.”
This catches me by surprise, because he says it before I get to the part where
DonCorleone tells me of the swords. Apparently, every Georgian man knows not to
mess with girls from Svanetti. What can I say? I suppose ignorance isn’t always a
bliss. I will end this chapter with this:
I always say that the best way to know how to respond to a woman is to imagine
your words being publicly aired for the world to see. If that makes you feel
embarrassed, then you’re saying or writing the wrong thing. If not, then go ahead
with it. But if the girl is Georgian, forget all this and run for your life.
431Destination Poon
The Centenarians of Abkhazia
This is the skill that must be cultivated — freedom from disturbance and perturbation
— so you can focus your energy exclusively on solving problems rather than reacting
to them. (Ryan Holiday, The Obstacle Is the Way)
Immediately after escaping HotGeorgian’s dad in the highlands of Svanetti, it was
time to focus my energy and attention on what was ultimately the main goal of this
adventure:
Locating and documenting the centenarians — people older than 100 — of the
Caucasus.
Ever heard of them? They’re fascinating.
Apparently, the Caucasus region boasts the world’s highest concentration of
centenarians. And the specific Mecca of longevity and health within the Caucasus is
the foothills and mountains of Abkhazia, a land torn by war and bloodshed. It used to
belong to Georgia, but is now occupied by Russia.
Now, historically, there have been plenty of documentations of these centenarians.
The most notable among them is Shirali Muslimov, a shepherd from Azerbaijan
whose passport serves as the sole evidence for his age at death of 168 years in
1973. And while I do doubt its authenticity, what I’m more interested in is the big
picture — the fact that there are still many centenarians enjoying an active, joyful
and vibrant life in this area. Is there anything we can learn from these people? What
do they do that allows them to enjoy such a long, disease-free life? Let’s go find out.
There’s one problem, though.
When I planned my journey to the Caucasus, I went online to learn how to get into
Abkhazia and stumbled upon an unexpected obstacle: The Russian military controls
the borders and no one besides Russians and Georgian-Abkhazians are allowed to
432Destination Poon
go in without a special approval. One travel website says:
“There are routes heading North into Russia’s North Caucasus and into Abkhazia,
but this should not be attempted. Both borders are formally closed (although
enforcement is impossible), and if caught by the Georgians or the Russians, you will
find yourself in trouble and alone in a strange and often cruel land.”
Uh-oh.
Should I... or should I not?
OF COURSE I SHOULD.
If you want to reap great rewards, you must take great risks. So I then started to
exchange emails with the Abkhazian embassy, explaining to them about my mission
of documenting their great people. They ended up giving me their special approval.
But now that I’m in Georgia, everybody warns me against going into Abkhazia.
“It’s too dangerous there.”
“They’ll kill you.”
“You’re going to die!”
I ask them when was the last time they’d been there. They all admit it was decades
ago, so I figure they all speak from rumor. It can’t possibly be more dangerous than
Gaza or the West Bank.
And so a day after the incident with HotGeorgian, I find myself at the Abkhazian
border. But while I do have my special approval, I discover that it takes three to
tango here. It’s not enough that I got the arrangement with Russia and their
Abkhazian embassy — I also need approval from Georgia to go out of their country
into Abkhazia.
433Destination Poon
Damnation.
At first, I try to sneak in on an old mule cart that enters Abkhazia through the
Georgian border. It goes every hour or so and takes a bunch of Georgians into
Abkhazia. But my attempt to blend in is futile, because the voice of a Georgian
officer calls in the background:
“Tourist! Come here!”
I dismount the mule cart and take two dozen steps until I am next to the officer. He
begins to ask me all kinds of strange questions. Surprisingly, he speaks pretty good
English:
“Why you want to go in Abkhazia?”
“I’m going to document the old people there.”
He looks at me in confusion. I show him a sheet of paper with Georgian writing. It’s a
transcription of questions that I was going to ask the Abkhazians. Deva, a local
English teacher from Svanetti, helped me create it so that I could communicate with
them. Deva, you amazing woman, I doubt you’ll ever read such a naughty book, but
if you do — know that I’m truly grateful for your help. When the Georgian officer sees
the transcription, his eyes light up:
“YOU FROM ISRAEL?”
I smile and nod. He continues:
“GEORGIANS LOVE ISRAEL! SHALOM!”
This is awesome. For the first time in history, my Israeli passport has been useful. So
after talking to the officer for a while, and after learning a condensed, probably-
434Destination Poon
biased history lesson about the Abkhazian conflict, he softens up and offers a
solution:
“I can let you go, but you’ll have to sign a paper.”
Signing stuff is never good.
“What’s this paper for?”
“It takes away the responsibility of Georgia for your life and safety in Abkhazia. It’s a
very dangerous place — there’s no police there to help you.”
I’m from the Middle East, baby. What can possibly surprise me there? Of course I
sign. He then warns me:
“And don’t take any photos at the border because the Russians will destroy your
camera.”
I nod. Wrapped in a new aura of excitement and bureaucratic achievement, I begin
to make my way to the Russian side of the Abkhazian border. Along the walk, there’s
so many military concrete barricades it looks like a hot battle zone. In my usual spirit
of defiance, I peek my camera through my pants pocket and take a bunch of photos.
But one of the soldiers soon asks me me to show him the camera. I rustle around in
the pocket and succeed in slipping the memory card out before showing it to him. He
returns the camera to me unscratched. I am clearly a better man than him. I keep
walking until a signpost welcomes me to the promised land of longevity:
435Destination Poon
No “Welcome to the Republic of Abkhazia” or anything. I guess people aren’t
welcome here. There’s a stampede of Georgians passing through to do whatever it
is they have to do in Abkhazia. I stand in line and wait for my turn. But when the
Russian soldier checks my papers, another obstacle shows up:
“What is this?”
This is not just a regular Russian soldier, but a dignified, authoritative commander. At
least, that’s what he looks like. He has a thick mustache and the cold, serious eyes
that you can only get from childhood trauma or from too much time in the military. He
wears a green military uniform and a hat on his head. With the gun at his waist, he
looks like a character from Mortal Kombat. But fear not! I gaze right into his eyes:
“It’s a confirmation for travel to Abkhazia.”
He is not pleased:
436Destination Poon
“No computer, only paper.”
Oh, fuck.
I brought the special approval for entry to Abkhazia in my Kindle because I had no
printer around. I didn’t really consider the possibility that people in this area might
have never even seen a Kindle before. So I am sent back all the way to the Georgian
part of the border again. When GeorgianOfficer sees me, he looks confused:
“Israel! Why you don’t go to Abkhazia?”
I shrug and smile.
“Russians...”
He smiles back. I take a taxi to a nearby town, where I print the approval for entry.
But it’s now too late, and the border is about to close, so I find a hotel to spend the
night in. The next day, I arrive back at the Russian border again. The same
masculine, rough military officer is there. He sounds combative, but it’s normal.
Russian men sound combative even when they wish happy birthday to their kids.
“Come with me.”
I join him, envying the new herd of Georgians-Abkhazians passing through
unhindered. I am then taken to a private corner where a group of Russian soldiers
begin to interrogate me. I am circled. They bombard me with a massive stream of
questions in their broken English:
“Why you go to Abkhazia?”
“Why you come from Georgia?”
437Destination Poon
“You like Georgia or Russia?”
“Are you pro-America or pro-Russia?”
“You was in Israel army?”
“You fight Arabic terrorists?”
“Are you from Mossad?”
This Mossad issue seems especially troubling to them. Mossad is our national
intelligence agency. They talk about it for almost an hour, as if they truly believe — or
want to believe — that I’m a spy trying to stealth my way into Abkhazia to collect
intelligence about Russia.
“When you finished army?”
“What do you think about America?”
“You love Putin?”
“Why you have so many countries in Israel passport of you?”
“You was in Russia before?”
“You commander in Mossad?”
This interrogation lasts a few hours. At one point, one of the Russian soldiers tells
me to turn on my laptop. I comply. But instead of checking for secret data, what he
does is... better just quote him:
“YOU HAVE PORNO?”
438Destination Poon
Poor fellas! They must have served for months without touching a girl. This soldier is
so full of lust his eyes open in the hope of finding some naughty content. One of the
other soldiers, a sociopathic-looking guy, seems to get a testosterone rush. He
comes aggressively toward me and yanks the laptop away. He has seen a half-
naked shot of HotPastor, and he now flaunts it, trying to gain the validation of his
fellow soldiers. Looking at her fine body, they all drool now. But this pisses me off.
Had SociopathicSoldier asked me nicely, I would have surely showed them
everything. But he snatched it away from me, as if trying to step on me in front of
everyone. So, in an impetuous decision, I yank the laptop back from him. He then
pauses for dramatic effect, and gives an evil smile:
“YOU WANT TO DIE?”
His friends laugh. I smile back at him:
“You want Mossad to kill you?”
Guess the reaction? All the other soldiers erupt in laughter. I AM WINNING THE
CROWD! I am becoming a part of the tribe. Andrew Jackson was right: One man
with courage does make a majority.
SociopathicSoldier, humiliated, walks toward me threateningly until his face is only a
few inches away from mine. I am not going to do anything, of course, because I don’t
want to get gang-raped in a Russian jail. But before he can do anything, a massive
beast of a soldier arrives from behind me and pushes him away from me. By a
massive beast I mean... HUGE. He looks like a Kazakh warrior. Like a Mongolian
replica of The Rock. He then talks to me in a serious but friendly tone:
“No worry, friend. I protect you.”
Aren’t I the lucky one?
“You... Mongolia?”
439Destination Poon
“Sibir.”
He’s from Siberia. It makes sense. The Siberian part of Russia borders with
Mongolia. They should look similar.
“You Israel army, yes?”
“Yeah.”
“You have strong army.”
“Yeah, but not big like yours.”
We spend about fifteen minutes interacting through gestures and body language.
Somehow, we understand each other perfectly, as if by some ancient algorithm of
humanity. I like this huge guy. While at first he looks like a ruthless warrior, he
actually feels gentle and peaceful once you talk to him. He’s like a big Kung Fu
panda, fighting only to protect peace. And he seems to respect me for standing up to
SociopathicSoldier from a weak position and ending up on top. I feel like nobody
here really likes SociopathicSoldier. He’s the kind of guy nobody likes to have in a
cohesive social unit. He’s overly cocky, arrogant and fake, the way extremely
insecure people are.
After a while of alleviating the boredom with HugeSiberian, the stiff Russian
commander returns with my passport. There’s no good news:
“You go back to Georgia, cannot enter Abkhazia.”
This can’t be happening again. Come on, I’ve been waiting here for five hours —
interrogated by a bunch of horny soldiers — only to be denied entrance? What the
fuck were you doing with my passport for so long?
440Destination Poon
Turns out, the Abkhazian embassy got it wrong and gave me a special approval to
enter from the Russian side and not from the Georgian one. I try to tell
RussianCommander that it’s their mistake, not mine. He doesn’t give a shit. I try to
insist. I even raise my voice. But soon, two other commanders join and encircle me
until I leave.
I go back to the same hotel, where I exchange emails with the Abkhazian embassy
again until they send me a new document. It takes a few days, and I now make sure
they got it all correct this time. It now grants entry from the Georgian border. Early
the next morning, I go back to the mule cart and ride it all the way to the Russian
border. It’s funny, because everybody now knows me here, waving at me in
excitement. HugeSiberian high-fives me.
“How are you, brother?” I ask.
“Good, good. Sorry for big problems.”
“It’s alright, man. Not your fault.”
I proceed forward. It’s RussianCommander again. I show him my new, revised
approval for entry. He again takes my passport and goes off somewhere. And again I
am left there for a few hours to socialize with my militant fellows. I get them hooked
on my laptop by showing bikini shots of HotPastor. One of them gets horny:
“THIS YOUR GIRLFRIEND?”
“That’s not the right question.”
“YOU FUCK HER?”
“That’s the right question.”
He now gestures with his hand, repeatedly banging a fist into the air. It’s the
441Destination Poon
universal fornication gesture.
“YOU FUCK HER???”
“More than a hundred times!”
Ah! if I could only show them the condom necklace.
Two hours later, RussianCommander returns with my passport and approval for
entry. I am clearly going into Abkhazia today. My persistence always pays off.
Always. There’s no possible way I am going to be denied entrance after all this effort,
right?
WRONG.
“Israel, come here.”
His next words both surprise and enrage me at the same time:
“Sorry, you cannot go to Abkhazia. Your passport is bad.”
WHAT?
My heart drops to my knees. He then shows me my passport, saying it is not valid
because the edges are a little torn. I tell him that I’ve been to so many countries that
he can’t expect it to be brand new.
“I’ve never had problems with this passport. Why now?”
“You can not enter.”
I gaze at him with rage intermingled with helplessness. This stupid hassle has
transformed me into something else, a frustration unquenchable, and my time and
442Destination Poon
emotional investment makes it hard to back down:
“PLEASE, COMMANDER! I CAME ALL THE WAY FROM ISRAEL FOR THIS!”
“Sorry, come back next time with good passport.”
I try to insist, but it’s a dead end. I talk to every commander around the border, but
they all refuse to grant me entry. They’ve decided, and I must comply. I cannot go
into Abkhazia. After an hour of insistence — frustrated like I’ve never been before —
I decide to let go. I shake hands with all my fellow military friends. I pat
HugeSiberian’s back as meager thanks for his warm treatment. He smiles warmly.
The gesture seems to touch him in some way.
I then begin to walk back to the Georgian side, but a bus from Abkhazia enters the
border and begins to make its way to Georgia. I wave my hand, the driver stops, and
I hop in. It’s a bus full of Georgian employees working in Abkhazia, and they have
just returned after the end of their workday. They all look both baffled and exuberant
by the presence of a foreigner. Have they ever seen one before? I feel like a
Hollywood celebrity. One of them comes to sit next to me, because he’s the only one
who can speak basic English. I learn that his name is Irakli, and he’s an electric
engineer working in Abkhazia. When the bus arrives in the city, Irakli makes me an
offer I can’t refuse:
“Come stay with my family.”
Yes, Georgians are some of the most welcoming people on Earth. Of course I accept
his offer. Experiencing the local lifestyle is always an eye-opening experience. To
me, this is the real joy of travel, blending in with the locals and getting a feel for their
life and perspective.
When we reach Irakli’s house in the countryside, I discover a massive property with
several wooden buildings. Inside one of them, there’s a chimney connected to a
large oven. They use it for baking traditional loaves of Georgian bread. In the yard,
443Destination Poon
there are fruit trees and a well for water. It’s like a self-sustainable heaven, because
there’s also game to hunt in the woods nearby. And like in many traditional cultures,
there are four generations living in this house — Irakli, his son, his parents, and his
grandparents.
There’s good energy in this place, and it comes from Irakli’s family. It’s always like
that. People are always what makes a place wonderful or miserable. I can tell you
from experience: Sharing a locked jail cell with good people feels better than
traveling abroad with a whiny travel buddy. But this place has the best of both
worlds. The location is amazing, and Irakli’s family is incredibly friendly. His father
begins to show me all around the place, making me and Irakli taste his homemade
wine as Irakli’s wife and mother prepare a feast for everyone.
He takes me to the top floor, where he has a huge wooden jukebox. He begins to
crank out some music. I’m immediately shocked:
444Destination Poon
“HEVENU SHALOM ALEICHEM, HEVENU SHALOM ALEICHEM, HEVENU
SHALOM ALEICHEM! HEVENU SHALOM, SHALOM, SHALOM ALEICHEM!”
They must really love Israel here. Is it because we once helped their army? Is it
because they’re strong believers in God? I’m not sure. Irakli and his father erupt in
cheers and begin to dance. I join them. His father exclaims:
“GEORGIA LOVE ISRAEL!”
A big wooden table is soon laden with all kinds of local, homemade delicacies. Plates
filled with creamy omelets. There’s a big jug of homemade wine. There’s a bowl of
grapes, plums and pomegranates. The rich scent of nature fills the air. And though I
rarely get drunk, I allow myself to flow with this unique moment. You simply can’t turn
down the generosity of a Georgian so excited to host you he can’t stop singing in
Hebrew. We drink his wine from a massive horn. I ask him what the horn is for. He
tells me it’s for drinking everything in one glug — because the wine spills if you lay
the horn flat on the table. Yes, Georgians are crazy awesome
My head soon begins to spin. My judgment becomes clouded. Everything blurs. The
Hebrew music in the background starts to blend with the inner voices in my head. I
hear everyone laughing. I hear myself laughing. But I can’t quite grasp reality. It’s like
I’m experiencing some strange out-of-the-body experience, and the last thing I
remember before blacking out is collapsing on a bed. When I wake up in the
morning, I experience something I had long forgotten:
Hangover.
My head aches intensely. My mouth feels as dry as sawdust. I drag myself down the
stairs, into the yard, and I enter the small building with the chimney and oven. Irakli
has told me they all gather there every morning. And when sees me — dazed and
hungover — he immediately laughs and says:
“Don’t worry, don’t worry! We give you medicine.”
445Destination Poon
But it’s not a pill. His medicine is a seething soup of pig’s fat boiled in pig’s milk.
“This help with hangover.”
In Judaism, it’s prohibited to eat pigs. It’s also prohibited to mix dairy with meat. But
just like a negative times negative, do two sins cancel each other out? I devour the
whole thing like a beast. And guess what? It works. Faster than I could have hoped. I
don’t know if it’s the placebo effect, but my hangover is gone in less than an hour.
And it is then that Irakli hands me a shotgun with a bunch of shells:
“This my family hunt bears.”
We walk around the house to a secluded garden of trees. It’s only a few minutes
away. Irakli then attaches a plastic bottle onto a fence about five dozen yards away
from us. It’s quite a long distance, especially for a weapon as inaccurate as a
shotgun and a target as small as bottle.
“Let’s see Israel army!”
I accept the challenge. I grab the shotgun and load it with two shells. Above me,
there’s a large bird of prey circling in the sky. I take a deep breath and put myself in
the appropriate position, sweeping the shotgun up to rest solidly against my
shoulder. I then rest my cheek against the weapon’s butt, closing my left eye as I
peek through the sight with the right one.
446Destination Poon
Now, I’ve never shot a shotgun in my life. But I suppose it’s similar to an assault rifle.
And though I expect to miss my target by a large margin...
I BLAST THROUGH THE BOTTLE.
My shoulder absorbs the strong recoil, and Irakli immediately erupts in excitement:
“AMAZING!! ISRAEL ARMY!!! FIRST TRY!!! AMAZING!!!”
Apparently, we just went out for target practice, because we then return to Irakli’s
house. He wants me to stay with them for a longer while, but I have to continue on. I
still want to find centenarians. As a souvenir, his cheerful grandmother gives me a jar
of her homemade plum jam.
447Destination Poon
I hug and thank them all sincerely. Irakli, know that you have one of the most
amazing families I have ever seen. Your son Toma is going to be a great man one
day.
After I leave this Georgian paradise, I sit in a local restaurant and do some research.
I discover something interesting. The region of the centenarians in Abkhazia isn’t so
different than Svanetti, the highland region in northwestern Georgia. Yes, the same
Svanetti region from last chapter. Here’s a photo from the region:
448Destination Poon
Svanetti and Abkhazia may be separate, but it’s only a legal separation — not a
cultural one. At least, that’s what it feels like from looking at the map. And I’m already
very close to Svanetti. So I go get a list of all centenarians in the area from a local
government office. I have to act fast, because I have only two days left before my
flight back home. Which is really one day left, because I have to factor in a day to
reach the capital’s airport from where I am.
Fast forward a few hours.
After going from one place to another using all kinds of transportation, I end up at the
very top of a highland. The vista is beyond spectacular. There are green pastures,
purplish-reddish vegetation, and majestic misty clouds everywhere. The fresh
mountain wind courses through my nostrils, curling up into my throat and lungs. It
feels like therapy for the soul. If heaven exists, it is here. Oh, and next to me, there’s
a woman called Umiani Urshubadze.
449Destination Poon
She is 111 years old.
I HAVE FOUND THE HOLY GRAIL! A CENTENARIAN!
Her house is all wood and warmly red in color. Simplicity seems to have been the
driving force behind its design. Stuck here on the top of a beautiful pasture in this
misty highland, it feels like a house from a fairy tale. It feels like the Seven Dwarves
might appear at any moment.
I am stoked. Umiani is the oldest person I have ever interacted with. And though
she’s resting in her bed, she is completely lucid. We talk for a few hours through the
aid of her daughters and my Georgian transcript. It’s quite amazing, the amount of
respect these people pay to their elders. Just like in Israel, it’s considered evil here to
send your parents to an institution when they get old. Instead, they become a
venerable symbol of wisdom and reason, and people flock to them for advice. Unlike
in the West, old age symbolizes strength here, not inconvenience.
450Destination Poon
Her neighbors soon join us to be a part of this rare event. Through the window, I see
Umiani’s daughter ascending the steep hills, erect. And she is NINETY-TWO. She
carries herself with a playful demeanor, as if she still possesses the child’s spirit, the
one most people lose at some point during adulthood. It’s beautiful.
Before embarking on this special journey, I went through all the documented
literature of the centenarians of the Caucasus. Apparently, there are two primary
fertile grounds for centenarians in the Caucasus. On in Abkhazia, the other in
Azerbaijan. They both lead very similar lifestyles — living in the mountain heights,
enjoying a constant stream of fresh, unpolluted air. They both enjoy a diet full of
vegetables, spices, fermented dairy, and a little bit of fatty meats and fruits. And even
though bread is loved in the Caucasus, it is much rarer at higher elevations. Perhaps
grains can’t grow here. Also, they avoid overfeeding themselves as Westerns too
often do. And they don’t really retire the way we define retirement. Instead, they stay
active and work outside until their last day. Their sense of community is tight, and
everyone here has a strong family bond. So while Western feminists occupy
themselves with women’s rights and lesbian marriage, women here are busy making
kids, tending their yard, cooking amazing foods, and enjoying a cheerful life.
Umiani’s lifestyle seems very consistent with this literature. When I ask her what she
thinks is her secret to longevity, she says she believes it’s mostly due to genetics
and her good, tight relationships with her family. She says she eats only natural
foods that she grows herself. Like other centenarians, she eats mostly vegetables,
but also milk, eggs and a little bit of meat. Every single day, morning to night, she’s
so busy tending her garden and tea fields she sometimes “forgets to
eat” (intermittent fasting?). When she’s not working, she’s busy making food at
home. She drinks mostly water, though her daughter gives me a wink, whispering to
me that she sometimes indulges in a shot of homemade Chacha, Georgian vine
vodka. She says her greatest moments in life were when she gave birth to her kids,
and later watched them getting married. Her happiest time in life was when all her
extended family members were alive. I ask her if she’d change anything, and she
says she wouldn’t. Umiani grew up with two brothers and four sisters, and says she
451Destination Poon
had a very good childhood. She herself ended up having six kids. Amazingly, she
has never seen a doctor besides a dentist. Her worst “illness” was headaches when
she was pregnant. She’s a devout Muslim with a lot of hope and faith in God. She’s
never been abroad, and doesn’t really feel the desire to. The only thing she wants is
to see her grandson again, because he’s now in prison for some reason.
“I don’t care to be rich, good health and happiness for my next generation is the most
important thing to me.”
I also asked her when was the last time she had sex. Everyone erupted in laughter.
But I had to know. For the sake of research! She told me it was twenty-seven years
ago before her husband died. This means...
SHE WAS HAVING SEX AT 84!
So that’s it. And although Umiani is only one centenarian, this journey still proved to
452Destination Poon
be an interesting experience. So what did I see? Amazing mountains, natural foods,
physically active lifestyles, a warm sense of community, and even horny Russian
soldiers and crazy dads with swords. Oh, and if you ever travel to the Caucasus, be
very careful when somebody offers you to drink from that horn. It is humanity’s most
powerful weapon.
453Destination Poon
The Costa Rican Jungle Tick
Which would have advanced the most at the end of a month — the boy who had
made his own jackknife from the ore which he had dug and smelted, reading as
much as would be necessary for this — or the boy who had attended the lectures on
metallurgy at the Institute in the meanwhile, and had received a Rodgers’ penknife
from his father? Which would be most likely to cut his fingers? (David Henry
Thoreau, Walden)
Remember the story about the hot habanero pepper? Well, when I was kneeling
down, holding it in front of that bare Nicaraguan ass, little did I think of the volatile
nature of Mother Karma. Could she really be so evil that she’d soon make me pay in
my own currency?
This story happened in Costa Rica where I went to fulfill a terrifying dream and
bungee jump from one of the highest platforms on Earth, in Monte Verde. I spent
weeks watching bungee accidents and cord snaps on YouTube, so when I was on
the platform I was scared shitless, literally frozen and trembling in horror. But I still
did it. In a temporary surge of courage, I kneeled down with my back to the vista,
unclenched my panicked fists from the platform, and let the guide push me. I was
traveling with two young Swedish chicks, and if I hadn’t done it, I’d forever be a
symbol of ridicule, shame and disgrace to the male gender. Fuck that.
But what’s really interesting about the jump is the exuberant euphoria it put me in for
the following week. My adrenaline was so unbelievably high I felt like an ADHD
toddler on ephedrine and a high sugar diet. Nothing could calm me down. I had to
funnel this energy into something. So when an old local told me about Corcovado,
the crown jewel of all rain forests and biological reserves in Costa Rica, I
immediately knew where my next stop was.
The very next day, I am already on my way to Puerto Jimenez. It’s the city adjacent
to Corcovado, from where you’re supposed to book a guide if you want to enter the
jungle. Once there, I go to a tour office and see a National Geographic poster on the
454Destination Poon
wall. It describes Corcovado as “the most biologically intense place on Earth in terms
of biodiversity.” Yes, Reggie, you have made the right choice. I am about to enter a
gem of nature so ecologically marvelous and stunning it is home to 2.5% of all
animals and plants in the world. How awesome is that?
The problem is that these tours don’t seem to cater to regular travelers, but to groups
of ecologists, biologists and photographers from National Geographic and other
similar organizations. A guide costs about $400 per person, and they’ll only take you
if you have a group. So just like Dominic Toretto recruiting the crew in Fast &
Furious, I set out to seduce travelers to form a gang with me.
First, I pick up a peculiar mixed couple at a local pizzeria. The man is a wiry, bony
Costa Rican with the skeletal appearance of a gaunt pirate. He has colorful tattoos
from neck to toe, with wooden and metal piercings all over his body. His girlfriend is
a thin, good-looking Indian with chocolate skin and the strange giggly laughter of a
female gnome. Next, I find a quiet but adventurous American dude with a great flair
for photography and the Zen spirit of a Buddhist monk. And a well-mannered,
agreeable Belgian guy with a Nordic stature and a soft soul. I find them both in the
same place I am staying at. And we’re all going to save a lot of money, because
IndianGirlfriend finds a young local dude who claims to have grown up around the
jungle. He agrees to take us all for $50 each.
OBVIOUSLY WE AGREE.
LocalGuide suggests a three-day trek of 50 kilometers (31 miles). The first day will
take us into the heart of the jungle, where a ranger station will give us a warm,
protected bed for the night. On the second day, we’ll explore and look for exotic
tropical animals, and return to camp at night. And on the last day, we’ll hike back
through the beach side of the jungle. We have to wake up very early on the first and
last days, because each of them is going to take about ten hours of trekking, and it’s
both illegal and extremely dangerous to be strolling through the jungle at night.
Illegal, because the government doesn’t want anyone’s blood on its hands. And
dangerous, because there are pumas, jaguars and other big felines out looking for
455Destination Poon
easy prey. And we are as easy as prey gets.
Very early the next morning, we begin to make our way into the dense foliage of this
rainforest. It quickly becomes clear that National Geographic was right. The place is
so pristine, untouched, and lush from every angle that I feel like I’m on planet
Pandora from Avatar. There is a plethora of fresh streams and cold, refreshing
lagoons. Above us, there’s an azure sky with puffy white clouds. Eagles, vibrant
parrots, and songbirds seem to flutter around overhead wherever we walk. It’s
absolutely breathtaking, and exactly how I’ve always imagined jungles to be. Wild
and unforgiving, but also mesmerizingly beautiful. If you ever visit Costa Rica, do not
miss Corcovado.
After a few hours of walking through the wondrous woods and cold river streams, I
decide to take my shirt off and reward my body with a sexy tan and vitamin D.
Enough time has passed now that I can draw some intelligent judgments about my
accomplices. QuietAmerican is good-spirited and laid back. SoftBelgian is a great
boy, but he has this inclination to complain about everything, especially about how
much his feet hurt. TattooedBoyfriend and IndianGirlfriend are two cute liberal
hippies who must be opposed to condoms, hygiene, and technology. But everyone’s
nice, and we all strive to work together and make it a cohesive group.
IndianGirlfriend laughs every five minutes, and her funny gnome giggles only seem
to contribute to the good spirit of our team.
A few hours of trekking later, we get the first clue that this jungle is shared by other
mammals. As we walk down a path, thin branches and small jungle fruits the color of
tangerines begin to drop on our heads from the trees above. We all use our hands to
protect our heads. When we glance up, we see who the culprits are: a clan of brown
spider monkeys. We are clearly the more supreme primates, so I begin to throw their
orange fruits back at them. They respond with another surge of branches and fruits.
SoftBelgian quickly hides behind a bush. QuietAmerican protects his camera.
IndianGirlfriend lets out a scream. We retreat the hell out of their territory. You
monkeys might have won this battle, but just remember which of us convinced a
vegan his sperm was good for her.
456Destination Poon
We soon stop by the side of a river for a short break. I attempt to gather some of the
plants that spring up beneath my feet, but none of them seems edible. Instead, I
devour a few ripe, yellow bananas and a small can of tuna that I brought with me.
Know that feeling when you sit down after a tough, active day, feeling your muscles,
ligaments and joints all finally resting? That’s how it feels now, sitting to eat after
many hours of walking the jungle. We also jump into a lagoon nearby, and even
though it rains heavily, it feels more like a magical, refreshing blessing. This moment
right here is the best argument I’ve ever experienced for the existence of God.
We then continue to hike into the jungle. Some two hours later, SoftBelgian begins to
whine:
“Maaaaaan, I can’t do it anymore!”
He tells us it’s the first time he’s ever done something so difficult in his life.
IndianGirlfriend tries to encourage him:
“Don’t worry, we’ll soon be there!”
TattooedBoyfriend sounds a little Rastafarian:
“Siiiiiiiiiii maaaaaaaan, it’s not eazy! But it’s gon’ be worth it!”
I like this guy. He carries himself with an air of easygoingness. It’s always a good
thing when you embark on a trip like this. And when the inevitable moments of doubt
and fear begin to creep in, It’s even a godsend.
Fast forward three hours:
THOSE DOUBTS AND FEARS BEGIN TO CREEP IN.
The jungle now starts to show clear signs of sundown. We can’t see the sky — there
457Destination Poon
are trees all above us — but it’s getting darker and darker. I think we were already
supposed to have reached the ranger station by now, and I know we’re going to be in
serious trouble if we don’t get there in the next hour or so. But nobody panics yet.
We all trust that LocalGuide knows the way. He assures us we’re close. But ten
minutes later, SoftBelgian begins to fear:
“YOU SURE YOU KNOW THE WAY?”
LocalGuide again tries to instill a sense of tranquility in the group:
“Yes, yes... Don’t worry, we will be there in half an hour.”
Now, I personally came here with no bags. But the rest of the group all brought
luggage, and they now have to twist sideways to get past branches, rocks, and vines
on the narrow jungle path. The extra weight really seems to be bothering to them
now that we’re been walking for so many hours. QuietAmerican soon stops to
rearrange the straps of his bag and move some of the weight to his waist. And that’s
when SoftBelgian panics again:
“OHHH MAAAAAAAAN, IT’S GETTING DARK! I’M AFRAID OF THE JAGUARS! I
DON’T WANT TO DIE HERE!”
LocalGuide smiles:
“Don’t worry, don’t worry!”
But now when he says that, something strange begins to emerge. I can’t quite put
my finger on it, but it’s kind of scary. For the first time, something begins to smell bad
about this whole situation. It’s like LocalGuide himself isn’t exactly sure what is
happening. Through his tone of voice, I can feel that he begins to become aware of
the magnitude of danger he’s brought upon all of us. Are we actually lost?
Yes, Reggie, yes you are.
458Destination Poon
Because very soon, in a matter of minutes, the jungle turns pitch black. There are no
marked trails in this jungle, only leaves, trees, and bushes that you have to push
through. I become concerned, so I ask LocalGuide:
“ALRIGHT MAN, WHERE THE FUCK ARE WE?”
He looks at me, a bit unsure, and answers:
“I... I think the camp is just around the corner.”
We keep walking for another fifteen minutes, but there’s nothing. Nothing but more
plants and bushes and trees. We struggle to see anything at all. The towering trees
are so dense the moonlight can’t penetrate the jungle. It’s so fucking dark now I feel
as if a jaguar could assault us from behind at any moment. SoftBelgian and
QuietAmerican turn on their travel headlights. LocalGuide now looks completely
baffled, and a queer expression of silent panic intermingled with helplessness begins
to rise on his face:
“I’m so sorry, I have no idea where we are.”
When your guide tells you this, you know you’re fucked. This only triggers
SoftBelgian’s fear:
“OHHHHH MAAAAAAAAAAAAN, WE’RE GOING TO DIE!!! WE’RE GOING TO
DIE!! OHHH MAAAAAAAAAAAN!!”
“I am so sorry guys... This never happened to me before...”
“OHHHHH MAAAAN, WE’RE GOING TO DIE!!! AHHHHHHHHH PLEASE DO
SOMETHING!!”
Seriously, when SoftBelgian senses how insecure LocalGuide now is, he goes into a
459Destination Poon
complete panic. And I can understand him. It’s his first real travel experience. And
we’re in a jungle as black as an abyss, full of danger in every direction. Four species
of monkeys. Lethal poison-dart frogs. Fatal, venomous pit viper snakes. Crocodiles
and wild herds of piglike creatures called peccaries. And then there are nocturnal
pumas and jaguars — with their own internal night vision — hunting for meat all
around us.
Translation: WE’RE DOOMED.
IndianGirlfriend and TattooedBoyfriend seem to be worried as well, but they don’t
project it as much as SoftBelgian. Maybe because they have each other for comfort.
QuietAmerican is standing apathetically behind us, completely indifferent and
detached from what’s happening. He’s the perfect Stoic. And me? I just hope not to
end up between the claws and fangs of a big cat tonight.
We all then huddle together in a circle, trying to figure out the map. I look at the
group. Whatever kind of big cats are hunting nearby, we stand zero chance if they
find us. I consciously decide to avoid looking at the dense bushes. I don’t want to be
met with a glowing pair of feline eyes. I look up at the sky, trying to find stars. In the
army, we learned how to navigate using them. But it’s now impossible. There’s dense
vegetation all above us, and I can’t spot a single star. Apparently, what suits the open
deserts of the Middle East fails miserably in the tropical jungles of Central America. I
choose to cope with the scary situation by injecting some Reggie magic and
pranking SoftBelgian. A surge of playful devilry inspires me to pop out behind him
from a nearby bush and roar like a tiger:
“RRRRRRRRRRRRRUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUAAAAAAAAAA!”
He screams:
“AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
HHH!!!”
460Destination Poon
This is awesome! QuietAmerican erupts in laughter from the back. It’s the first time
I’ve seen him laugh so hard. SoftBelgian looks at me in disapproval:
“IT’S NOT FUNNY, REGGIE! DON’T YOU SEE WE’RE GOING TO DIE?”
“When Confucius described the superior man to be virtuous — free from anxieties,
wise — free from perplexities, bold — free from fear, he clearly did not have you in
mind.”
QuietAmerican smiles. Confucius resonates well with his Zen persona.
IndianGirlfriend then speaks:
“Guys, the way must be somewhere around here, we just have to find it!”
NO FUCKING KIDDING.
What’s really funny is the way she says it. She’s not really trying to relax us. She’s
trying to relax herself by getting validation for her statement. There’s fear and panic
in her eyes. But what the fuck do we do? Seriously, to fully capture the extremeness
of this story, try for a moment to activate the deepest chambers of your imagination:
You’re with a group of strangers, lost in a remote jungle so untouched it feels like
you’re the only people left on the planet. It’s dark, and you know for certain that there
are predators around hunting for prey. There are pumas and jaguars, and they’re all
too ready to draw blood and have their bile acids decompose your flesh. Wouldn’t
that scare the shit out of you? I get goosebumps here thinking about it. But history is
always written by the winners. And we obviously won, because here I am speaking
to you. So how exactly did we make it?
Scared shitless, we were treading through the jungle for HOURS — in complete
darkness — trying out different potential paths. It was like a terrifying scene from a
horror movie. And because we couldn’t see anything, we were all careful because
nobody wanted to step on some poisonous snake. LocalGuide looked confused and
461Destination Poon
helpless as fuck. IndianGirlfriend was glued to TattooedBoyfriend. SoftBelgian
completely lost it. I was trying to project calm, but deep inside I was afraid. And
QuietAmerican? He lost his apathy and was actively helping everyone look for the
right path. In fact, he was the one to ultimately find it. And we couldn’t believe it when
we were walking down that path and eventually saw the camp in sight. WE MADE IT!
When we reached the ranger station, we were all reveling in our survival, cheering in
excitement and exuberance. The rangers were all shocked to see us coming from
the dark, dense woods at this extreme hour, so we explained everything. They
thought we were mad for putting trust in such a young person like LocalGuide. I think
he was younger than twenty. Now, let me tell you how the ranger station looks like:
It’s basically a big wooden building full of beds, kitchenware, and a bathroom. Most
people there seem to be photographers, scientists, and jungle rangers protecting this
national marvel. There’s no electricity whatsoever, but we still feel grateful because
the wood offers protection from whatever danger slinks across the jungle floor at
night. Oh, and there’s also some kind of library, but instead of books there are dry
bones laid in the shape of the animals they were salvaged from. I feel like I’m in
Jurassic Park. Not the movie, but the actual park.
Each of us goes to take a freezing shower and get rid of all the sweat, dirt and mud.
It’s spooky, because everywhere — including the showers — is pitch black, and
there’s those gigantic golden orb spiders with their huge webs all over the place.
Completely frazzled, I soon clamber into my bed and drift away into a deep sleep.
BUT FUCK.
I quickly wake up when something bites into different locations on my body. And I
instantly know what it is. It’s the jungle ticks LocalGuide told us about earlier. He said
they like to go in damp areas, especially the ass-hole. I receive a bunch of nasty
stings on my body, but one of them is the worst. It’s a vicious bite right on my dick.
Yes, Reggie, you have just hit the nadir of your life. It’s completely dark, so I rush to
SoftBelgian for help:
462Destination Poon
“QUICK MAN, GIMME YOUR HEADLAMP! THERE’S A TICK ON MY DICK!”
He looks at me in horror:
“OHHHHHHHHH MAN! I DONT WANT MY LAMP TO TOUCH YOUR DICK!”
“COME ON, THEY’RE EATING ME ALIVE!”
“OHHHH MAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAANNNNNNNNNN!!”
“GIVE ME THE FUCKING LAMP DUDE!!”
“AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH OK, OK!! BUT BE CAREFUL WITH YOUR DICK!”
SoftBelgian hands me his headlamp. I project the light on my cock.
OH. MY. GOD.
There’s a hairy, disgusting tick with six or eight legs, attached to the right side of my
Shlomo like a leech. It is literally sucking the life force out of my life source. There
are six more of these bloodsuckers in different parts of my body, and it takes me ten
minutes to rid myself of them completely. I slash them open with my nails until their
blood (my blood?) spurts out, verifying their destruction. Then I sleep.
The entire next morning we spend rambling through the woods silently in an attempt
to spot big animals. There’s a profusion of colors and smells all around us. There’s
also morning dew everywhere, and the stones we walk on are slippery. It is nature at
its finest. Altogether, we spend about five hours in the woods. We stop in awe at the
colorful sight of butterflies and hummingbirds. We see small tribes of white-faced
capuchin monkeys. They gather on the branches curiously as we pass by, all a
parcel of nature, a part of the fabric of this beautiful jungle. Noble black hawks and
yellow-beaked great curassows flutter above us in the clear blue skies. We hear
463Destination Poon
howler monkeys roaring. Did you know that Steven Spielberg used their voices for
the dilophosaurus in Jurassic Park? At one point, we hear the sound of stomping
coming our way. We all climb small trees. It’s the signal for an approaching wild herd
of these piglike peccaries. I later find myself hidden in a bush, a few feet away from a
wild tapir, a strange mix of a hippo and an elephant. I feel like Ace Ventura. Friends,
rodents, quadrupeds, lend me your rears! We go to sleep that day with a tremendous
appreciation for Mother Nature.
Having learned from the horrors of the past, we wake up early the next day so that
we can begin our hike back. It’s going to be an extremely exhausting trek — and the
last thing we want is to get lost in darkness again — so today we join a group of
French ecologists and photographers. They have their own official guide, and we
trust him more than we trust LocalGuide. We begin our way but soon confront a
great — no, our greatest — obstacle:
464Destination Poon
The Rio Sirena river crossing.
There’s a real problem here, because the river is extremely wild and powerful. The
guides are surprised themselves. They seem to have expected it to be much calmer
at this early hour. But what do we do? There doesn’t seem to be any other way to the
other side. But if we fail to cross this river successfully, we’ll be swept from our feet
right into the open, slashing ocean. And guess what’s in there? I’ll let Wikipedia
speak:
“Rio Sirena is commonly regarded as the most dangerous of crossings, primarily
because it flows directly into the massive Laguna Corcovado in the isolated heart of
the park. Bull sharks are present within the river and can sometimes be seen at the
river mouth during high tide. American crocodiles are also present within the river,
but most are small and recent surveys indicate that the population may be much
smaller than initially believed. Spectacled caiman are present further up river and
within Laguna Corcovado in larger numbers.”
OH. MY. GOD.
Let me save you the suspense: we went in. But did anyone from the group get swept
into shark-infested waters? Was somebody devoured by nasty caimans? Did anyone
drown? No, no, and no. We did what the official guide suggested — we held hands,
forming a long chain of people, and crossed as a unit. So if anybody would have
stumbled, the rest of us were there to save his or her life. And it was fucking tough.
The waist-level water was so incredibly violent that each step felt like walking in a
thick swamp with concrete boots. But we did it.
Once on there other side, we take a few moments to relax. The light drizzle above
quickly turns into a tropical monsoon, and it’s awesome. It alleviates the heat and
refreshes our bodies. But there’s no time to spare. In about five minutes, we continue
to trudge toward our goal. Our next stop is for food, an hour later. We sit on a nook in
a small boulder, relieving our hunger and the tedium by munching on wild bananas
and mangos. One of the French ecologists sags from exhaustion. A minute later, she
465Destination Poon
springs up and rushes to her guide, who is now calling us to see the magnificence
and rarity of what he has found lying two dozen yards behind us. As I go to take a
look, I see the fully-formed bony corpse of a big whale that must have been swept
here by the tide. It is mind blowing.
We quickly end this brief respite and continue our exhausting trek. Nobody has much
interest in being stuck in the dark again. On our way, we see a beautiful black and
white tamandua anteater, an hyperactive raccoon, and a bunch of lively otters. Life
here is amazing. The only thing that bothers me at the moment is not the rain, not
the mud, not the danger of fatal animals, but the vicious chafing that has developed
across my ass and crotch. It’s so humid and warm — and we’ve all been walking for
so many hours — that our intimate areas must be a five star hotel for bacteria. But
as we walk, I also discover something else. And it’s much worse.
SOMETHING STINGS MY ASS-HOLE.
466Destination Poon
HOLY FUCK.
If there is a God, he clearly hates me. This stinging sensation is all too familiar. IT’S
ONE OF THOSE JUNGLE TICKS. So when we soon pass by a small ranger station,
I try to use their bathroom mirror to find it. But have you ever tried to look into your
own ass with a mirror? Maybe it’s something you normally do, maybe it isn’t, but I
find it impossible. So I try to think of every possible way to get rid of it. Fuck, it’s
already painful enough to walk with the chafing, and every step brings with it a new
shockwave of pain. The last thing I need now is a bloodsucker inside my ass-hole.
Fighting disgust, I send my hand downwards to explore the expanse around my
rectum. I find nothing. I need someone’s eyes to look at it, so I inform everyone:
“I’ll pay twenty dollars to the brave one who’ll get this tick out of my ass.”
TattooedBoyfriend looks horrified. IndianGirlfriend says:
“Reggie, how am I ever going to kiss him if he brings a tick out of your ass?”
I look at QuietAmerican. He tells me:
“There’s no way I’m looking inside your ass, Reggie!”
Even LocalGuide, a poor Costa Rican, recoils in disgust at the thought of inspecting
my chafing ass in an attempt to find and slay the excruciating tick. I then resort to my
last option: SoftBelgian.
“Dude, you told me you’d love to know what the army is like, right?”
“Yeah, man, of course!”
“No matter what it takes?”
“As long as I stay alive, I guess.”
467Destination Poon
“You sure?”
“Yeah.”
“Then why don’t you take a look in my ass and try to help a bro out? “
“OHHHHHHHH MAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAN!”
“C’mon, all my friends in the army would do that for each other!”
I meant that.
“Ahhhhhhh... But I don’t want to touch your ass!”
“You don’t have to touch it, I’ll hold the cheeks for you. Just take a close look and try
to find that tick.”
“OHHHHHHH MAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAN!!! IT’S DISGUSTING!!”
“C’mon, be a brother!”
Lo and behold: He eventually relents! But he says he’ll only do it if I buy him some
beer to mute his senses.
Fast forward five hours.
We reach the end of the jungle trek. With all the pain and fear, this has been some
fine trip. W’re all sure to remember it for the rest of our lives. My ass chafing is now
so red I look like a female baboon with swollen privates. Excruciatingly, I hop into the
back of a van that takes us back to Puerto Jimenez. But there’s still this tick to take
care of. So after a good shower at our place, I take SoftBelgian to a local store and
get him some cans of beer.
468Destination Poon
“Oh man, I can’t believe I’m going to do it.”
I smile. He continues:
“LET’S GET DRUNK AND GET THE TICK OUT!”
This sentence made me absolutely love SoftBelgian. He might have been the
greenest of us here in terms of travel experience, but this also made him least
resistant to try crazy new things. Like inspecting my ass for ticks.
He begins to drink the beer. I try to decipher his body language, trying to gauge his
state of mind. Getting him tipsy is a delicate task. I want him to hit the perfect sweet
spot of drunk. Too little, and his judgment won’t be clouded enough and he might
regret this. But too much and he’ll be so wasted he won’t be able to tell a tick from an
ass hair. So I give him about half a dozen cans. Soon, he exclaims with great relish:
“I’M READY, REGGIE!”
We stride back to our place. The combination of tick bites and chafing gives me a
fiery strike of pain whenever I take a step. On the way, we see two fat girls walking
flamboyantly. They take me by surprise, and I exclaim:
“LOOK! TWO TAPIRS!”
SoftBelgian laughs. He clearly has no idea what awaits him. When we’re back at our
place, we scuttle up to my room. I unlock it as quickly as I can, before SoftBelgian
changes his mind. He’s like one of those drunk sluts I seduced and brought home
after parties. Gotta hurry before their alcohol fades away. And the only thing that
matters at the end is the notch. The notch, in our case now, is the removal of the tick.
Reggie the Master of Seduction. Reggie the ASSHOLE.
469Destination Poon
We then go to my shower. This is it. We’re going to do it. I’m about to get my ass
inspected by a tipsy Belgian dude. I turn on every light in my room to make the job
easier for SoftBelgian. For some reason, I care for him the way I’d care for a girl
giving anal her first time. I appreciate her willingness to endure pain to please me, so
I try to minimize the discomfort of the experience. QuietAmerican then comes into
my room to capture the moment on camera. Even though he makes no sound, his
face is so red from laughing he can hardly stand still.
SoftBelgian takes his headlamp. Yes, it’s the very same headlamp I used for finding
the tick on my dick two nights ago. He turns it on, and I bend forward and take my
undies down in one swift move. I then position myself in such a way that the
bathroom lights get a good angle on my ass-hole. It must be all red and swollen from
the chafing. SoftBelgian brings his head closer. I try to suppress my laughter as
much as I can. He leans in... and shouts:
“OHHHHH
MAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAN!!”
I’m sorry, I can’t hold it anymore. I begin to laugh so intensely, so uncontrollably, and
so fucking hard that my stomach literally begins to tremble in pain. I glance back and
see QuietAmerican holding his camera, observing this bizarre spectacle from the
corner of the room, laughing his ass off as he tries to hold the camera steady.
SoftBelgian recoils in horror, but I can’t have him give up on our mission:
“GET BACK THERE! YOU’RE GOING TO FIND IT!”
“OHHHHH MAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAN, YOUR ASS IS SO RED, I CAN’T SEE
ANYTHING!!!”
That vicious chafing was nastier than I thought.
“GET CLOSER MAN, AS CLOSE AS YOU CAN! IT’S TINY!”
470Destination Poon
“OHHHH MAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAN I DONT WANT TO SMELL YOUR ASS!”
“YOU’RE DRUNK! YOU WON’T REMEMBER IT ANYWAY!”
I push him for another minute, and eventually he relents. He gets so close to my ass
he’s literally a slight touch away from sticking his nose in my hole.
“OHHH MAAAAAAAAAAAAAN, I CAN’T FIND THIS TICK!”
How can this be? I still feel these vicious stings.
“TRY HARDER, I CAN FEEL IT!”
He keeps looking for a few more minutes, but finds nothing. Is it possible that I had
gotten him too drunk? Still, I appreciate his effort and thank him.
471Destination Poon
SoftBelgian, when you read this, know that you are the best man out of all of us. The
traveler sees what he sees. The tourist sees what he has come to see. But the true
adventurer sees a naked, chafing ass. Later, I talk to LocalGuide in search of advice.
472Destination Poon
He tells me not to worry because the ticks die in two weeks. So for a little while, I put
up with the stinging until it eventually stops. It takes only a week.
I now have to stop and reflect. How did I hit such a rock bottom of human
indecency? How the fuck did I end up with my bare ass-hole in front of a drunk man?
The only thing I can think of is the profound similarity to the habanero incident in
Nicaragua. So my only advice will be this:
Never mess with Mother Karma. What goes around comes around.
473Destination Poon
Crazy Pilot vs. Crazy Reggie
Brave men rejoice in adversity, just as brave soldiers triumph in war. (Lucius
Annaeus Seneca)
What do you know about Honduras? Before going there, the only thing I personally
knew about the country is that it has the world’s highest rates of murder per capita.
But I soon learned something else: They also have some of the craziest airplane
pilots in the world.
Let me explain.
This all happens in Utila, a beautiful island on the Caribbean side of Honduras. I stay
there for nearly a month, watching herds of drunk backpackers enjoying life as I
spend my time scuba diving and engaging in mischievous debauchery. It’s
awesome. There are coconut trees, turquoise water, and white sand everywhere.
The island is so beautiful and paradise-like everyone stays for much longer than they
expected.
474Destination Poon
But it’s also quite hectic. So hectic, that every week I’d rent an off-road bike or a four
wheeler and go venture out into the jungle side of the island to cleanse my soul in its
silence. I suppose I needed some alone time, or maybe just the novelty of a new
adventure. This story revolves around one of those off-road ventures, when my
accomplice Boris and I were trying to infiltrate the island’s airport runway on
motorbikes.
I AM NOT KIDDING.
We had this whole thing planned out and figured it would be the most awesome thing
in the world to drive a motorcycle next to a landing airplane. What can I say? Two
dives a day for a few weeks can do strange things to your sense of judgment.
Nitrogen: The Elixir of Mischief.
Boris, a thrill-driven motocross racer from Germany, is one of my best buddies in
475Destination Poon
Utila. He has a lanky body, tied-back blond hair, and a special appetite for Korean
girls. He always carries around that strange motorcycling backpack that makes him
look like a wiry male version of Dora the Explorer. He’s the perfect companion for
pulling off a stunt like this, where you need both balls of brass and the skills of an
experienced motorcyclist.
But me? I don’t even have a motorbike license. All I have is a bunch of nasty scars
as permanent reminders of the epic accidents that I had in Asia a few years ago.
But... obviously I’m in. We’re in the Caribbean now! There’s a buccaneer spirit in the
air.
Now, the whole airport is fenced and guarded. But one American dude told us that he
had found a route into the airport through the dense jungle, by chance, when he was
riding around and taking a GoPro video of Utila with his girlfriend. And so Boris went
to fastidiously explore the area on his rented bike until he had understood and
memorized the sinuous path. The day after, we were already on our way, when I was
following him through dense bushes, wet mud and trails full of wild iguanas. It was a
mesmerizing path full of vegetation and green reptiles.
Fast forward twenty minutes.
Without ever going off path, we reach a remote, untouched beach. It’s in a far away
corner of the island. There are wild coconut trees and clean white sand everywhere.
Boris stops his bike and points over my shoulder to the left, showing me the
magnitude of our upcoming adventure. Because where the sands of this beach
cease to exist, something else begins. It’s a...
LONG AIRPORT RUNWAY.
We’ve found it! I look at Boris and say:
“Let’s drive to the other side of the road.”
476Destination Poon
Why? Because I want to see the plane in front of us when it lands. For some reason,
I assume airplanes land on the runway from the direction of the beach that we are
currently on. It just feels right. So we start to cross the strip to the other side. But
crossing isn’t an easy task.
You see, this airport is just a tiny island airport built like a huge T junction. There’s
the long runway — 600m, or 2,000ft long — and right in the middle there’s a wide
part where the planes enter and park. It’s about 100m long, and there’s an office with
guards at the far end of it. So as we fly past the runway to the other side, we hope
they don’t notice us. Fortunately, the bikes aren’t loud enough to draw any attention
from their distance.
Once on the other side, we turn off the bikes, stare into the blue horizon, and wait for
a plane to arrive. When is it coming? We have no idea. We only know there are a
few random daily ones, so we just wait. I don’t mind it. Robert M. Pirsig once wrote
that to live for some future goal is shallow, and that it’s the sides of the mountain
which sustain life, not the top. I’m a firm believer in that. So instead of dreading the
wait for the plane, we try to live the moment and enjoy the beauty of this Caribbean
island.
We hop off the bikes, lean against them, and begin to talk about all kinds of internal
island crap. The last week has been really intense with all kinds of drama, as you’ll
see in the next chapter. We have a lot to talk about. We’ve both slept with Koreans
this last week. Mine is ten times hotter, so I tease Boris:
“My Korean to your Korean is like Heidi Klum to Angela Merkel.”
Boris smiles.
“Yours is fucking Korean-American, it doesn’t count!”
“She’s a true Korean in blood!”
477Destination Poon
“Reggie, she grew up in America!”
“So? I bet she can make a better Kimchi than yours!”
“Dude, she doesn’t even speak Korean! Her narrow eyes mean nothing.”
“The mating market is fierce and combative. Only narrow-minded men define Asian
girls by the narrowness of their eyes. Deep men define them by the depth of their
vaginas.”
At one point, Boris begins to talk about how much he hates capitalism. I frown and
tell him that capitalism probably hates him too. How can you hate capitalism and
travel the world? Tell that to the fucking airplane that got you here from Germany.
While I’m all for living a simple life uncluttered by the habits and possessions that
accompany over-consumption, I also believe that the dogmatic condemnation of
technology is simply ingratitude.
“You’re a Jew, Reggie! Of course you love capitalism.”
I pause for a second and look at him.
“You’re a German, Boris. Of course you’re a Nazi.”
We smile. And that’s when something catches my ear. Like an Indian holding his
ears against the earth to the sound of horses from far away, I try to concentrate so I
can hear it. I narrow my eyes a little bit — looking Korean myself — as I struggle to
identify where this prolonged vibrational din comes from. I turn to Boris:
“You hear that?”
“I don’t see anything.”
We both look at each other, confused. We stare at the lush vegetation around, and
478Destination Poon
then again toward the horizon above the beach side. There’s nothing. Boris shrugs:
“It must be some boat...”
I look at the tarmac. There are waves of heat rising from it. And the sound only
seems to increase. What the fuck is this phantom noise? It sounds like some engine,
but we see no plane in the sky. I look above, to the sides, directly at the horizon,
there’s nothing. Boris then turns his head back and looks at me. And just then, his
eyes instantly open up and widen in complete horror. He immediately mounts his
motorbike and shouts at me at the same time:
“MOVE REGGIEEEEE!!! MOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOVE!!!”
I am confused.
“What?”
He kick-starts the old bike, shouting back louder now:
“MOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOVE REGGIE!!! THERE’S A PLANE BEHIND YOU!!!!”
WHAT?!
I turn my head around and look.
OH.
MY.
GOD.
THERE’S A PLANE DESCENDING RIGHT BEHIND ME.
479Destination Poon
FUCK!!! FUCK!!! FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUCK!!!
We were so sure planes land from the beach side that we never even considered
looking back. And when I now see this white plane descending behind me, a
thermonuclear blast of adrenaline shoots through my veins. In a frisson of
excitement and fear, a fiery soup of emotions fills my blood. I instantly hop back on
the bike with goosebumps covering my skin. But I still have to turn it on. Boris shouts
again:
“MOVE YOUR BIKE REGGIE!!! IT’S COMIIIIIIIIIIIIING!!”
Now seriously, what would you do? How would you react if an airplane was
descending down from the sky right fucking behind you, about to land and hit the
tarmac in less than ten seconds? Oh, and you’re on a motorbike that isn’t even
started. If it’s impossible for you to picture this situation, I don’t blame you. Let me tell
you how it feels:
FRIGHTENING.
So what do you think I did? Become paralyzed in fear as the plane narrowly misses
me? FUCK NO. I seem to perform well under pressure. Give me a list of mundane
tasks to do, and I’ll prefer to stick a fork in my eye. But threaten to run me over with a
fucking airplane, and I’ll hyper-focus. Remember the maxim, ladies and gents:
While you may not be able to control the external circumstance, you can control your
internal reaction to it.
In a stroke of gumption, I summon every bit of mental fortitude and begin to kick-start
the old dirt bike. In only about five seconds, I manage to both start the bike, shift to
first gear, and drive it to the right side of the runway. And then it comes.
BAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
AAAM!
480Destination Poon
Just to our left, a medium-sized plane lands no more than ten yards away.
Exuberant, we begin to race after it. We’re in fifth gear in only a matter of a few
seconds. There’s no room for mistakes. If we lose our balance at this velocity, we’d
be mashed potato in an instant. But it’s better to die on your feet than live on your
knees. This is life at its finest. Raw, dangerous, and thrilling. We’re flying across the
runway!
“WOOOOOOOOOOOO-HOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!”
I doubt Boris can hear me shout. Everything is so loud. The plane pushes farther,
farther ahead of us. There’s no way we can compete with this beast by speed alone,
and we still have a good five to ten seconds until we reach the center of the runway.
We approach the plane in top speed as it turns to face the entrance to the parking
area. Its propellers are still rotating, but slower. Boris is first to reach the center of the
track, and he flies right past the plane. But right when he does, the propellers begin
to accelerate to full power. That’s when I’m shocked.
HOLY SHIT!
THE AIRPLANE BEGINS TO DRIVE DIRECTLY TOWARD ME!
WHAT THE FUCK? IS THE PILOT TRYING TO KILL ME?
I know how unbelievable this must sound, but believe me, if I wanted to try make
something up, I’d at least try to make it believable. If you push the limits, reality has
this strange habit of being crazier than fiction. This mad Latino pilot must be so angry
at our misconduct he has lost his mind and is now aiming his plane right at me.
Insane. I now see why Honduras is the Mecca of murder.
But remember, this all happens in a few concentrated seconds. I don’t have a
moment to spare. I’m now approaching the plane, and it’s heading right at me. I
swear to God, or whatever you believe in, this looks and feels just like a Hollywood
481Destination Poon
movie. And if I don’t make a move — fast — this plane is going to crush my bones
and kill me on impact. This is not how I wanted my life to end. But now that the
enraged pilot has steered his plane in my direction, there’s not much I can do about
it. If I slow down, the plane will surely hit such an easy target. But if I steer the bike
off road in such a high velocity, I’ll lose control and crash. What the fuck do I do?
I do the only fucking thing I can do to stay alive. When under the threat of death,
humans become extremely courageous. It’s like I can hear admiral David Farragut in
the back of my head, yelling — “DAMN THE TORPEDOES! FULL SPEAD AHEAD!”
So as the plane drives toward me diagonally from across the runway, I prepare for
the worst, bring my head down, clench my teeth, and accelerate the bike. Where to?
RIGHT UNDER ONE OF THE WINGS!
And guess what? Mother Fortuna is clearly in my favor.
I MAKE IT OUT ALIVE!
Yes, I’ve just passed with a motorbike under a moving airplane’s wing. How crazy is
that? The enraged pilot is now far behind us, heading to the parking lot. Boris and I
come to a full stop and look at each other in complete disbelief.
“DID YOU SEE THAT?” I ask him.
“YEAH YEAH HE WANTED TO DRIVE YOU OFF!”
“HE TRIED TO KILL ME!”
“HE WAS SO PISSED OFF HE WAS LIKE UHAUAHUAHAUHAUAHU I SAW HIM
THROUGH HIS WINDOW!”
Fucking insane. To the time of writing this, it is easily one of the top three most
intense, charged moments of my life. And it wasn’t even the end, because before
482Destination Poon
Boris and me could even summon enough tranquility to ride back...
TWO ARMED SOLDIERS APPROACH US!
FUCK.
They come on foot, holding their loaded M16s. Obviously, we don’t try to run away.
We stay there and act like their bitches for five minutes — nodding in agreement to
everything they say — while faking innocent faces, apologizing and saying we didn’t
know it was an airport. And once again, acting stupid proves to be the smartest
move. Honduras is so forgiving to tourists they end up doing absolutely nothing to
us. Remember the maxim:
He who cares the least about the consequences, suffers least from them.
But the truly funny thing is that we managed to seduce the two soldiers to like us so
much that they even let us take photos with the parked planes. But one question
remains: Why was the pilot so furious? Lo and behold: The soldiers told us that there
is a lot of air traffic moving illegal drugs in Honduras, and that sometimes motorbike
gangs prey on and rob planes when they land. So the pilot must have thought we
were a gang of robbers. They say his overwrought reaction is normal. Welcome to
Honduras, enjoy your stay.
Reggie the Gangster. Reggie the Robber. Reggie the Reckless Motherfucker.
Paulo Coelho once wrote that when you possess great treasures within you and try
to tell others of them, seldom are you believed. And truly, when I later drive back to
the dive shop and try to tell others about this story, everyone raises their eyebrows.
One of my friends says:
“Pics or it didn’t happen!”
Now, the whole time I had my smartphone video camera on. It’s far from being a
483Destination Poon
GoPro, and it was just hung loose from my shirt pocket, capturing almost only the
blurry tarmac. Except for one frame, moments after the airplane and your humble
Reggie cross paths:
484Destination Poon
My conclusion from this unusual experience:
When a country is listed as the world’s capital of murder, you can be damn sure
there’s a good reason for it. And it’s probably a good enough reason for pilots to kill
you too.
485Destination Poon
Reggie the Rapist
I don’t do drugs. I am drugs. (Salvador Dali)
There’s a reason I kept this story as the cherry on top. Bear with me.
In the last chapter, I was telling you how I went and immersed myself in the woods of
Utila every once in a while. But I didn’t tell you why I needed this quite time in first
place.
When I first arrived on the island, I had two goals in mind. I wanted to get my
Divemaster certificate, and I wanted to finally see the pinnacle of scuba diving — the
majestic whale shark. It’s a massive spotted creature, the biggest fish in the world.
And while I did end up seeing one twice, I didn’t manage to finish my Divemaster
course. Why?
I GOT KICKED OUT.
Yes, Reggie can be a little bad sometimes. We all can. But what could have possibly
happened to make me want to escape to the forests, and to eventually get ousted off
the island?
Let’s start from day one, when I take a ferry to Utila.
When I arrive, a massive throng of dive shop promoters tries to win my business. I
choose to speak with the only female among them, a thin Ecuadorian woman that
combines a sense of childlike happiness with the more responsible aura of a
business owner. Because she is. Turns out, she’s the owner of the Parrots dive
shop. We talk for a good ten minutes, and her vibe is so contagious that I choose to
go see her dive shop. She takes me on a boat along with a peculiar American
“traveler.” I say “traveler,” because she’s glued to her iPhone and carries two
massive suitcases full of fancy designer clothes. She also has a slutty piercing on
the side above her upper lips.
486Destination Poon
“I’m a professional model. I was just modeling for an ad in Tegucigalpa.”
“Are all American girls so glued to their iPhones?”
“Ahh, I should really stop this habit. So... where are you from?”
“Israel.”
“Were you in the army? I served in the American military in Afghanistan!”
How out of place. Here I am, on a Caribbean paradise, talking to a slutty military girl
with designer clothes.
“You’re the strangest traveler I’ve ever seen.”
She ends up spending the rest of the boat ride trying to win my approval. I LOVE
AMERICAN GIRLS.
We soon arrive to the dock of Parrots. From the boat, I see plenty of people
everywhere. Divers cleaning the ocean salt off their equipment. Shirtless men
enjoying the warm sunshine. Sexy girls in tight bikinis. I have clearly made the right
choice. But I quickly stumble upon an unexpected issue:
When I step into the dive club, a local divemaster welcomes me with a smile. But it
doesn’t feel genuine, and it tells me everything I need to know. I realize something
crucial:
Parrots caters mostly to budget backpackers. So naturally, the divemasters are used
to being high up in the local hierarchy. They must be accustomed to scoring with the
most prime pussies coming for scuba diving vacations. But now that I’m here, there’s
a shift in the food chain. And he can sense it. Translation:
487Destination Poon
All hell is about to break loose.
You see, I no longer am a budget backpacker. I used to be one — and I truly enjoyed
it in the past — but those days are over for me. It took a lot of persistent effort to
build a passive income large enough for me to travel as much as I want without ever
worrying about money. This process, like any accomplishment in life, cultivates
healthy self-esteem and confidence. So when I first step into Parrots dive shop —
erect, smiling, bold as a lion, strutting with eyes directly in contact with everyone — I
can instantly feel some of the divemasters threatened. They stay away from me. As if
I remind them that they’re not apex demigods after all, but mere mortals. Lion Reggie
has just joined the savannah. But I will not kiss asses just to win their approval. I will
not fortify social cohesion with pretentious insincerity. It’s not your responsibility to
behave the way people expect you to. It’s their mistake to expect it.
The next day, I wake up early and get into the main office to sign some boring diving
documents. And that’s when it happens. Like a lightning bolt straight from the wild
skies, I am filled with a powerful thermonuclear explosion of dopamine and lustful
testosterone.
MY JAW DROPS.
A petite, gorgeous Asian girl with colorful arm tattoos comes to sit right next to me.
Damn, I’ve traveled in Asia for almost a year, and I have never seen an Asian girl so
exotic. With her cute nose and pearly teeth, she has the hourglass shape and silky
smooth skin that screams premium fertility. This chick is so high up in the scale of
attractiveness she looks like a fine masterpiece even Michelangelo wouldn’t be able
to sculpt. She’s perfection. She’s beauty. She’s truth. And I can’t wait to pop the top
off her exquisite vagina like a bottle of champagne.
And is there any better way to assert my dominance in this tribal social web of the
dive shop other than penetrating the heart and loins of their sexiest, most ethereal
poon? After all, the true measure of your manly prowess is always the quality of
pussy you’re able to conquer.
488Destination Poon
The good part: This alluring beauty seems to return my interest. Because suddenly,
she comes in just an inch away from my face. She picks up and stares at the huge,
iridescent agate necklace that I often wear. She gets excited:
“I LOVE YOUR NECKLACE!”
Game on. My boner kebab begins to simmer. As always, I say the first thing that
pops to mind:
“Japanese?”
“Ahh... what?”
“You look Japanese.”
“That’s a pretty racist thing to say! I’m Korean-American.”
My boner kebab begins to sizzle. Whenever a girl calls me a racist, she ends up in
my bed. Remember, your enemy is boredom, not negative emotions.
Fast forward a few hours.
We’re under the Caribbean moon, right by the phosphorescent waters, in the dark
silence of one of Utila’s beaches at night. We talk about all kinds of stuff. HotAsian
asks me:
“Have you ever cheated on your girlfriend?”
“No.”
“Do you think most men cheat?”
489Destination Poon
“Well, we men don’t need feelings to have sex. When we’re horny, we can fuck an
avocado.”
“I’d love to fuck an avocado!”
Do I smell... a stable girl? She then tells me she’s doing something called Acro Yoga.
Hey, I think I know what this is! It’s foreplay disguised as meditation, right? Sure I
can do that. I lie on the soft sand and yank HotAsian toward me, lifting her using my
two feet and two hands. She loves it.
“We should come do this every night!”
Although she’s a delicate creature, her weight still becomes too much after five
minutes. I get her off. But I do it calculatedly, placing her close to me so that I can
encircle her small body using my legs. I also gaze deeply into her eyes. Her
mesmerizing Asian beauty puts me in awe. Her eyes gaze deeply right back into
mine. I tap twice on my lips. She leans in for the kiss.
Behold Reggie the Manipulative Master of Acro Yoga.
Dirty things follow. But not sex. An aging hippy woman approaches and begins to
waylay us. She has black feet and faded tattoos on her breasts. I’m afraid of
catching HIV by proximity, so I brush her off:
“Roses are red, violets are blue, but we two need to leave before we get flu.”
The hippy woman looks confused. I say goodbye and begin to lead HotAsian back to
Parrots. It takes five minutes to walk back, and everyone seems to be socializing at
this hour. They’re all out chilling. The divemasters are grouped around a table,
drinking cheap beer. One of them gives me the look of envy. He must be into
HotAsian. Heck, they all must be. HotAsian then rushes back to her room upstairs.
There will be no sex tonight. Is she afraid to be seen as a slut? Who knows. But
she’s doing her Divemaster too. I have time.
490Destination Poon
The next day, after diving from early morning to late afternoon, I return to Parrots.
The dives were awesome, and we got to see plenty of marine creatures — lobsters,
sharks, colorful fish, big turtles, and spotted manta rays. But it is now time for a
Korean dessert. I climb up the stairs to arrive at the doorstep of HotAsian’s room.
The room has two beds. The other is for a homosexual dude who’s a charming and
poised American Divemaster student. With his facial features, thick mustache and
special hairstyle, he looks like a precise replica of Freddie Mercury from Queen.
I peek through the door and discover HotAsian in pearly white silky pajamas.
FreddieMercury isn’t there. She smiles at me. She has a perfect set of teeth. I amble
in and sit on FreddieMercury’s bed. HotAsian becomes a little worried:
“I’m afraid he’ll see you on his bed, Reggie!”
You see, I’ve always believed people of exceptional merit attract the affection of
everyone. So because FreddieMercury seems to be liked here, I tried to get to know
him this morning. But ever since I asked him why he tries to look like so much like
Freddie Mercury, he seems to have developed some contempt toward me. As if I
stripped him of the false identity and alter ego he’s constructed in his mind. As if I
reminded him that he may be gay, but he’ll never be Freddie Mercury, one of the
greatest gay artists in history.
But that’s good. Because it means HotAsian prefers me to be on her bed instead. So
I move. She immediately lies down in submission next to me. Korean-Americans are
awesome! I then resume where we stopped yesterday, sending my palms under her
loose pajamas as I begin to explore the tiny expanse of her sexy back. She smells
aroused. I like this sweet smell. She whispers:
“He might be here any moment!”
I smile and whisper back:
491Destination Poon
“He can join!”
YES, I ACTUALLY SAID IT.
Fuck you.
It was an amusing way to respond to her objections, and it worked. Because we
continue to make out. The heat of our explosive sexual tension soon becomes too
much for the both of us, so I unhook her bra. In one click. She’s impressed. Her
naked torso now faces me for the first time. I discover her only blemish: Her boobs
are a little too small for my taste, so I blurt:
“WOW!”
She looks confused.
“What?”
I pinch one of her tits and tell her what would later become an epic line among my
friends in Utila:
“YOU’VE GOT SMALL TITS!”
What can I say? Honesty may be necessary to keep your relationship healthy, but it’s
probably not the best lube of fiery romance. Because she goes NUTS.
“GET OFF ME!”
“Ahh... what?”
“GET OFF ME RIGHT NOW! I CAN’T BELIEVE YOU JUST SAID THAT!”
Korean-American girls clearly aren’t awesome enough for my humor.
492Destination Poon
“What’s wrong?”
“YOU CAN’T SAY THAT TO AMERICAN GIRLS!”
What makes American girls so special? I feel like Borat. But Mother Fortuna then
comes to my rescue, planting the seed of genius in my mind. I brush HotAsian’s hair
behind her ears with my fingers and tell her:
“It must be the cultural difference... girls in my country would just laugh.”
The first rule of Social Jew-Jitsu: When under psychological attack, always flip the
script.
And it works:
“Yeah it must be our cultures... You’re too direct for American girls.”
But now, the sexual sense of intimacy is gone. Fuck. I leave her place and scratch
my head, thinking, “HAVE I REALLY JUST COCKBLOCKED MYSELF?” But fuck it.
There are plenty of wet vaginas in our dive shop’s bar. There are plenty of avocados
to pit. Our bar Tranquilla is the most popular place in the island, and everybody goes
there at night. So I go there and grab a seat at the bar. My shirt, as always, is
unbuttoned. I possess a stubble of a beard and the flashy agate necklace around my
neck. I look at the bartender. She’s a hot, tall, promiscuous Honduran who’s also
doing her Divemaster in Parrots. I wink and strike up a flirtatious conversation with
her:
“I know about you more than you think.”
She smiles:
“Reaaaaaaaaally? Like what??”
493Destination Poon
“Something traumatic with your dad happened when you were around eight to twelve
years old.”
This age seems to be the age a child is most sensitive to trauma. Her eyes light up in
utter awe and surprise:
“OH MY GOD, ARE YOU LIKE A MAGICIAN?”
This never fails me. How did I know? Well, you don’t have to be a genius, and if
you’ve learned nothing else in this book, you’ll at least have learned this: Too little
clothing + too many tattoos = God bless daddy issues.
We talk for a while and I then go back to my room to sleep. I stay in a special
Divemasters room right near the entrance to Tranquilla bar. EcuadorianOwner
allowed me to stay there because she knows I need a private space to run my
business from. But it’s not quiet, to say the least, and I am blasted with loud music
every night. I especially enjoy “Pump It” by Black Eyed Peas, and “Blurred Lines” by
Robin Thicke. I lose all privacy completely when SexyBartender walks past me on
the island the next day, flamboyantly and seductively informing me that:
“Reggieeeeee, guess who your new roommate is?”
Apparently, EcuadorianOwner ran out of rooms and assigned SexyBartender and
her slutty, short BFF to share the room with me in my kingdom. They join the next
day, but before giving them a spare key, I sit them down and brief them on Reggie’s
Roommate Policy:
1. No cigarettes.
2. No drugs.
3. No dirty condoms except for mine.
This room is my empire. They agree. But sluts aren’t to be trusted, and soon all rules
494Destination Poon
are broken. As soon as the next night, when I catch SexyBartender with some big
Canadian dude in bed. His name is Tim, and he’s another one of her flings. Strong,
tall and with a badboy mohawk on his otherwise bald skull, Tim carries himself with
the powerful, silent aura of a wild crocodile. When I catch them, SexyBartender
recoils in fear and assures me that:
“We didn’t have sex!”
This makes me laugh, because I was joking about this whole thing. Seeing the
humor behind the situation, Tim joins me in the comic relief. But the truly unexpected
thing is the bond I end up developing with Tim. Later that day, we both sit on stools in
Tranquilla and begin to talk. His lifestyle is quite the opposite of mine. And though he
has cocaine flowing out of his nostrils like Niagara Falls, there’s something about him
that I admire:
Authenticity.
Tim feels genuine. You see, Utila seems to attract all kinds of highfalutin,
spirituaaaaaaal bozos. The people who are in constant search of themselves, and of
spare cash and hash. The kind of ungrateful fucks who condemn technology but still
use it. The kind of pseudo-intellectuals who think they’re better than everyone else
because of their activist lifestyle or vegan diet. Tim is none of that. He acts on his
raw, primal emotions. When I later show him the intricacies of the Thai boxing kick,
he kicks my ribcage with great joy and intensity. Driven by pure emotions, he’s like a
lively little kid that I quickly learn to love. Tim, when you read this, know that you’re
one of the coolest motherfuckers I’ve ever met.
Later that night, I see HotAsian at a table with the rest of her course peers. They play
some strange game.
“Hey Reggie! Come join us!”
I hadn’t seen HotAsian since the boobies incident — we were all too busy with the
495Destination Poon
dives and lessons — so I join them with the secret objective to rebuild our sexual
tension. As I sit next to her, I send my hand below the table and rub my palm against
her thighs, winking at her. She understands me well. Minutes later, I extract her from
the table and find a good, private spot in our dive shop. I place her on my lap:
“Close your eyes and imagine yourself having the most intense sexual moment of
your life.”
Translation: I try to get her horny.
“Give yourself a minute. Imagine even the smallest of details, and concentrate on
your feelings.”
She remains like that for a minute. I then place her hand on one of my necklaces.
“Now transfer these feelings and passionate energy into my necklace. Store this
moment inside forever.”
I can’t believe this actually works, because she soon ASSAULTS my lips with a ripe
kiss so voracious it feels like she’s trying to devour me alive. What a unique pair we
are, passionate and emotionally charged, but also serene and calm under the
glowing Caribbean moon above. When I pull away, HotAsian is slapped back to
reality from this little fantasy trance. Her pearly teeth are exposed in a smile:
“OH MY GOD, HOW DID YOU DO THAT? IT WAS AMAZING!!”
I smile and give her the necklace. Now whenever she sees it, she’s going to get
horny and think of me. She takes the necklace like a little girl in Fantasyland and ties
it around her neck. We go outside and begin to walk toward the bridge leading to the
woods of Utila. It’s a long walk, about twenty minutes altogether, but it’s worth it. We
finish our walk on a beach so untouched it doesn’t have the slightest trace of
ambient light. They call it romantic, don’t they? I call it a perfect place for sex. It’s so
dark I can’t see a damn thing except for silhouettes and shadows. I place HotAsian
496Destination Poon
on my shoulders and let her grab two coconuts from a tress for us. We soon begin to
make out again. Only this time, she withdraws.
“What’s wrong?”
“I... I don’t know. I just don’t feel like it.”
I raise an eyebrow. A minute later, we again begin to make out. But she soon
withdraws once more. What the fuck? It’s so fucking strange. This whole night, she
wavers between hot and cold so inconsistently she feels schizophrenic and
borderline psychotic when it comes to intimacy. It’s like there’s an inner battle going
on inside of her. One gladiator is her modern American girl demanding a guy be
respectful to her, and the other a primal desire for a man to act like a man. Girls
always resist a little bit to avoid feeling like a slut, but in a world where false rape
allegations are so common, it’s scary to push the envelope. So like Steve Jobs, I
decide to do it differently:
“Are you trying to get me to rape you or what?”
She looks at me submissively. I don’t swallow the bait. I then tell her of a book,
Sperm Wars by Robin Baker, where an interesting study shows that women are
three times more likely to fall in love with a man who date-rapes them. I’m not talking
about the predatory, cruel kind of rape, but of the more common scenario where two
people are dating, kissing, getting to bed, and... well, you can imagine the rest.
“It’s a biologically programmed way for women to screen better, assertive genes for
their offspring. But don’t count on that. I don’t want to end up in a fucking jail in
Honduras.”
Guess how she responds?
“Yeah, mutual consent is a grey area. But to be honest... the only reason we didn’t
have sex yet is because you weren’t aggressive enough.”
497Destination Poon
This can’t be real. It’s not like I wasn’t dominant with her, but she seems to expect a
whole other level of force. Daddy must have been nice to her. But fuck it — you don’t
have to tell me twice.
“Alright, you asked for it.”
Saying that, I immediately pull her toward me like a caveman from an ancient epoch
of humanity far away in time. I then yank her shirt off her body. This time, I don’t tell
her that her tits are small. Instead, I lick her nipples with great pleasure even though
they’re too thick. She tries to resist a little bit, but I remain firm like an oak. Her
response? SHE LOVES IT. She begins to moan erotically. Oh, draconian devil! Oh,
lame saint! Dark and ruthless are the ways of Korean-American women. But just
when I’m about to go fully in, she withdraws again. Her mood swings make me sick,
so I just stand up and begin to walk away.
Something interesting soon happens. As I arrive to the bridge, she catches up to me
in great excitement. She looks submissively seductive again. I’m a nice person, so I
forgive her and help resolve her inner emotional battle by yanking her down right
there on the bridge. She’s receptive again, and our undies soon fly off and meet the
tarmac. I suck her breast. She arches her back. Our naked genitals begins to rub
against each other. I am as hard as a rock. HotAsian moans heavily. A tuk-tuk driver
crosses the bridge and excitedly honks to our public display of affection. FREE
PORN FOR EVERYONE! Hey capitalism haters, you can’t say I’m not socialist
enough. I don’t have a condom on yet, but my dick soon slips inside. HotAsian
recoils in horror:
“OH MY GOD, DID YOU JUST STICK YOUR DICK RAW IN ME?”
I smile. We pull out in a second. We then dress and begin to leave. This bridge is
dark and narrow, far too dangerous for sexual intercourse, and a tuk-tuk could easily
kill us on impact if they’re not paying attention. On our way back, HotAsian turns
schizophrenic again, alternating between hugging and cold withdrawal. Whatever is
498Destination Poon
happening inside that sexy little head of hers, I don’t know. But I am so sick of this
unstable behavior that I myself withdraw, genuinely this time:
“Alright, that’s enough.”
I’m not interested in this crap anymore. But if you’ve been on planet Earth for more
than a few days, you can easily predict what happens next. HotAsian becomes
magnetically attracted to me, getting closer and closer, giggling like a little girl. So
when we’re back at the intersection that separates my room from hers in the dive
shop, I give it one last try. I drop one of the most random lines I have ever come up
with:
“Let me show you the dolphins outside my window.”
I give an impish grin and offer her my palm. She grabs and holds onto it. Whenever
you give somebody a reason to act — no matter how much sense it makes — it
seems to trigger some instinct to comply. Come help me do the dishes because
there’s an orange cat on the window. Come give me a massage because my dog
loves cheese. Suck my cock because I dreamed of buffaloes last night.
We then walk to my room. We must look like a mixed couple from a bad movie. A hot
Asian girl with a bare-chested hairy Middle Eastern guy. Tranquilla is very noisy
tonight, but that’s good. It will help conceal HotAsian’s moans and make her feel
comfortable. I unlock the green wooden door to my room, and HotAsian asks to visit
the bathroom for a second. I use this short respite to turn off all lights, locking the
door behind me so that SexyBartender and her slutty friend won’t come in and
interrupt. When HotAsian comes out, she sits on my bed — just like in the movies —
and pulls off her flip flops. I immediately pull her toward me.
Five minutes later, things get strange.
By now, her bra is off. Her panties are off. I suck her small tits. She again arches her
back in arousal, moaning and breathing into my ear. She’s on top of me grinding
499Destination Poon
against my hard cock. I manage to slip on a condom while we’re kissing
passionately. But she just won’t let it slip inside, the whole time grinding against my
Shlomo. What the fuck is she trying to do? Kill me from an overdose of sperm
production?
Of course, the inevitable soon happens and it goes in after about ten minutes. We
both begin to thrust repeatedly. This feels exponentially better than any pussy I have
ever penetrated. I’m not sure if it’s because of her premium beauty or simply
because of the blue balls she gave me. BUT OH FUCK. I am so horny I immediately
begin to feel the urge to cum. What an embarrassing grand finale to an otherwise
wonderful love story. I pull myself out, figuring I’ll last longer if I cool down for a few
minutes. HotAsian looks confused as fuck. I let her rest her head against my bare
chest as I stroke her back. And then there are three loud knocks on the door. A
familiar voice shouts:
“OPEN THE DOOR REGGIE! OPEN THE DOOR!”
Ah! It sounds like Tim. He’s either drunk, coked up, or most likely both.
“OPEN THE DOOR!”
I cease cuddling with HotAsian and throw something at the door, hoping he’ll get the
message. He does, but instead of leaving, he keeps yelling:
“YOU CAN’T HAVE SEX! IT’S BROKEN! IT’S FUCKIN’ BROKEN!”
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA! Remember the chapter about the vegan
Guatemalan who sucked my dick and swallowed everything because of the B12? If
your memory is sharp, you’ll remember that she was sucking my cock so hard I
ended up with some red chafing near my dick hole. It was right before I arrived in
Utila. And it was so painful I told Tim I can’t fuck until it heals. That’s why it’s broken.
HotAsian whispers in my ear:
500Destination Poon
“What’s broken?”
I choose to keep her human decency intact:
“Must be the door knob.”
After a few more yells, Tim leaves. I look at HotAsian. She looks confused as fuck.
She then dresses in a hurry and wants to leave. What?! But I didn’t cum yet! She
insists. Fuck it. I put on my pants and go to Tranquilla with my heavy, shiny agate
necklace hanging proudly from my neck. I have technically just had sex with the
hottest girl in Utila. In the bar, I find three Israeli dudes that I had befriended earlier:
“Mission accomplished.”
They respond with enthusiasm:
“DID YOU FUCK THE JAPANESE GIRL?”
I smile impishly.
“FUCK YOU!”
“You know what, because I’m such a good friend I’m going to get all of you laid
tonight.”
One of the Israeli guys is an introvert with very poor social skills. I give him advice:
“If you’re an introvert, remain terse and try to look like a silent Russian sniper. It will
help you avoid creepy social miscues that may drive women away.”
His response is defensive and over-cocky:
“I don’t need those girls here, I have a harem of chicks back home. And I’m not even
501Destination Poon
horny.”
“Don’t tell me you’ve just masturbated.”
“I never masturbate.”
Ladies and gents, never trust a man who says he never masturbates. And never
hang out with one. Hanging out with losers can make it much harder to achieve the
great success life has to offer. The people you choose to hang out with will shape
your personality more than anything else. And if you hang out with dogs, you get
fleas.
On our way out of Tranquilla heading to another bar, a tuk-tuk screeches to a stop.
From it, jumps out a pair of extremely hot and drunk Australian girls. They both
assault me, jumping and clinging onto my body like two drunk Koalas. I have no idea
why. I’m in a careless mood today:
“When I look at you, I lose hope for humanity.”
The sexier one gives me her middle finger. I tell her that her parents must be proud.
She decides that I suck and leaves. My three Israeli friends look baffled, especially
Mike, who’s an awesome dude from an elite commando unit in the Israeli army.
“WHY THE HELL DID YOU JUST GET THESE HOTTIES TO RUN AWAY FROM
US?”
I’m not sure what to say. I suppose even I suck bad sometimes.
The next day, I go to visit my favorite local restaurant where I get my usual dark cup
of Honduran coffee to start the day. This time I feel intensely hungry too, so I also
order a plate of red snapper with roasted potatoes. It’s served to me with some
delicious white cream on top. As I inhale my morning feast, HotAsian notices me
from the main strip as she passes by, so she comes and sits in shock next to me:
502Destination Poon
“OH MY GOD, REGGIE! THESE SNAPPERS ARE ENDANGERED!”
HotAsian and FreddieMercury were always this strange pair of roommates. They
were always sanctimonious as they lectured others about the virtues of protecting
the ocean, zealously showing us movies about human cruelty. This weekend they
planned to collaborate and clean the beach of trash with a group of genteel hippies,
the kind of people who steal each other’s food from the refrigerator when nobody’s
looking. HotAsian must be on her way there now. And here I am, eating an
endangered species! I tell her:
“It is the height of folly to busy ourselves in correcting the world.”
“What? Come clean the beach with us!”
“It’s not the beach that bothers you, it’s your dad. You want him to love you.”
As we’ve discussed before in this book, children of abuse and neglect often look out
at the world through the lens of that abuse. They project their need for help onto
everyone else, so they now look helpless to them. They see problems, things to
correct, and that’s why many of them seek a cause, something to fix. Vegans trying
to protect cows. Feminists trying to protect human cows. But the problem isn’t with
the world. The world is what it is. Its apparent chaos is only a mirror for our own
internal chaos. HotAsian’s eyes then light up. She looks like an astrobiologist who
has just discovered extraterrestrial life for the first time:
“THAT WAS SOME AMAZING INSIGHT! I never thought about it.”
“Am I right?”
“I used to always run away from home as a kid. My parents are very Korean, so they
were very hard on me in school. But I never connected the dots.”
503Destination Poon
“It’s always like that, especially with extreme sexual behaviors.”
“Hmmm... when I got older I even escaped to Alaska and had orgies in tents.”
Yes, she just said that. This explains the irrational mood swings and the bipolar
intensity. We then hug, I keep eating my fish, and she leaves to clean the beach with
a profound new perspective on her life.
But the next day is when things truly begin to turn around on the island. Because that
morning, FreddieMercury comes to see me in the main office. He’s more boorish and
verbally violent than usual:
“I KNOW WHAT YOU DID TO HER!”
I stare piercingly right into his fucking eyeballs.
“Excuse me?”
“I KNOW YOU RAPED HER!”
“WHAT?”
“YOU KNOW WHAT I’M TALKING ABOUT!”
“Get your facts right, buddy.”
“FOR SOME REASON I TRUST HER MORE THAN I TRUST YOU!”
I shake my head in disbelief and begin to walk away. FreddieMercury continues to
scream:
“NEVER TOUCH HER AGAIN, YOU HEAR ME?”
504Destination Poon
This makes me smile. Come on, what else can you do when a Freddie Mercury
replica threatens you? But there’s also something else. Many of the people in the
dive shop seem to shun me. What the fuck is happening? Some of them give me
nothing more than a slight acknowledging nod, while others stay as far away as they
can from me, as if to avoid being guilt by association. Joe, my best friend on the
island — an extremely mature and good-hearted French guy with an astute ability to
befriend everyone — tells me what’s going on:
“Reggie, people think you raped HotAsian.”
“WHAT?”
“I know you didn’t do it. But they don’t know you like me. They don’t know you’re a
good guy. And they’re not strong enough to think for themselves, so they just follow
the herd.”
But what the fuck did she tell them? Come on, she couldn’t be this evil only because
I was eating an endangered fish. Joe continues:
“But don’t worry, man, we all know she’s crazy so I don’t think anybody believes her.”
But if they don’t believe her, why do so many of them stay away from me? Looking
back, I suppose they saw the train wreck approaching and didn’t want to be
anywhere close. Smart decision. Joe is a part of HotAsian’s Divemaster course
team, and he knows some delicious inside stories:
“Last week we all went on a night dive. And she just turned off her light and let
herself sink to forty meters depth! Shane the instructor rushed to save her because it
looked like she was getting narcosis. When we all tried to figure out what the fuck
happened, she just said — It was amazing, I felt like I was dying! Now everybody on
our team thinks she’s crazy.”
HOLY CRAP.
505Destination Poon
An hour later, HotAsian and her irrational mood swings await me by the main office
of Parrots. The little angel is in a special combative mode today:
“I JUST WANT TO TELL YOU THAT YOU’RE THE MOST DISRESPECTFUL,
ARROGANT, AN...”
I’m sorry guys, this is too much for me. How can I remain serious when a crazy little
Asian chick scoffs at me? I turn around before she gets the chance to finish,
sauntering away in a mocking disapproval. But she quickly scuttles her way around
me energetically, now facing me again:
“SO YOU’RE JUST GOING TO IGNORE ME NOW?”
I smile.
“Yes.”
“AHHHHHHH YOU DATE RAPED ME!”
“You’re a crazy girl.”
“YOU DATE RAPED ME!”
“WHY DID YOU CUDDLE WITH ME THEN?!”
“Uh, I don’t know. There was a pocket of time on the bridge when I was attracted to
you!”
“No, no, why did you hug and cuddle with me after I raped you? Rape victims don’t
just hug their rapists.”
“I... I’m still mad at myself for that!”
506Destination Poon
“Take responsibility for your actions, honey.”
That was so fucking strange. My theory is that she was embarrassed when everyone
saw her coming out of my room that day. And because some women are masters at
redirecting blame to avoid the consequences of their actions, she must have
internally rationalized that I raped her so that she didn’t feel like an easy girl. This, or
FreddieMercury was brainwashing her up in their room, reveling in his dislike of me. I
suppose I’ll never know.
For the rest of this week, I hang out mostly with Joe and his amazing German
girlfriend Claudia, Tim, SexyBartender and her slutty friend, some Israeli divers, and
Boris the motocross racer guy from last chapter. There’s also Joel — a divorced,
plump, self-effacing man with a red bandana constantly on his head. And Vince — a
squirmy German guy that knows how to dance like a turtle. Oh, and there’s Andy - an
affable, shrewd English dude with a noble demeanor. These are all friends. But many
of Parrot’s divers now seem to have grown into a devout army all too happy to draw
blood from Reggie the Rapist.
At night, I go with Joe for our usual bro’s night in Tranquilla. SexyBartender loves us,
so she gives us good treatment, constantly refilling our plastic glasses of rum and
orange juice. I don’t drink often, but I allow myself to get tipsy. Earlier, SexyBartender
was a little mad at me because I keep using her towel and soap to shower. The
Israeli guys helped me out and told her we’re used to sharing stuff in the army. I now
decide to teach her something useful, some mnemonics tricks she could bet on and
make double tips off her customers. She loves it.
“Ahh Reggie, you’re lucky that I like you so much!”
“I aim to please.”
“It’s a shame people are so afraid of you here. When you look at them, they feel like
you X-ray their souls. I feel naked and vulnerable when I talk to you.”
507Destination Poon
“Our eyes show the strength of our soul.”
“They all feel threatened by you, I can tell.”
“Wanna sees something cool?”
“What?”
“When a man locks his eyes on a woman, he gets sex. But when he does it with a
man, he gets into a fight.”
To demonstrate that, I hypnotically stare at the fucking eyeballs of a scarred local at
the other side of the bar. I don’t avert my eyes or blink. It’s spooky, and I fight the
blood rushing to my veins. Five to ten seconds later, he takes his eyes down in
submission. But just when I think I am the better male, he stands up, moves swiftly
across the bar, and faces me with anger in his voice. This is fucking Honduras here
— world’s highest murder rate — not Sweden:
“WHY THE FUCK ARE YOU LOOKING AT ME LIKE THAT?”
“Oh, I thought you were somebody I know.”
This line never fails me.
“Don’t do it again, dude! It’s creepy.”
He then smiles and shakes my hand. SexyBartender looks at me in awe:
“You dominated him with the way you looked at him!”
I smile.
508Destination Poon
“Just as I told you.”
I now feel the need to pee. The four glasses of rum and orange juice were too much.
I go to the bar toilet, but it’s occupied. There’s a sexy girl in line right in front of me. I
smile at her:
“Two-hundred dollars cash if you pee right here on the floor.”
Yes, I am not used to having alcohol in my blood. Five minutes later, her boyfriend
comes up to me.
“WHAT THE FUCK DID YOU SAY TO MY GIRLFRIEND?”
“Be careful, I am Reggie the Rapist!”
He backs off. Humans are just like dogs, don’t show them fear and they won’t bite
you. I pee and go back to my seat next to Joe and his girlfriend Claudia. I love this
couple. Claudia always carries herself with that healthy air of compassionate
generosity that’s very rare on the travel trail. It’s no wonder she’s going to become a
doctor. And I like Joe too. Far from being a wimpy hipster with pacifist ideas, he’s
one of the most grounded, realistic persons I’ve ever met. There’s something in him,
some sense of mental clarity that makes him very bondable and relaxed. Joe and
Claudia, my home is always open for you.
FreddieMercury, on the other hand, is volatile and fiery. His contemptuous,
combustible nature is masked by the veneer of a peaceful liberal hippy. And though I
honestly tried to befriend him, he never stops throwing insults in my direction. I
always respond to them by laughing, and it seems to drive him crazy. Later, he
comes to the bar and sits next to Claudia, who sits next to Joe, who sits next to me
on the bar stools. There’s a pregnant tension in the air. It stops, at least for me, when
a sexy blond girl from one of the other dive shops enters the bar. I raise and hold my
glass aloft, gregariously exclaiming:
509Destination Poon
“COME SIT NEXT TO REGGIE THE RAPIST!”
She thinks I’m hilarious, so she comes and sits on the other seat next to me. We
begin to flirt and soon touch each other’s thighs. I see FreddieMercury staring at me
in hatred through the corner of my eye. It’s like he rankles at the possibility that
women actually desire and are attracted to this bold behavior. This idea seems to
pose a threat to his identity. I decide to straighten things up with him for the sake of
the group. Joe doesn’t think it’s a good idea:
“Man, don’t even try, he’s stubborn like you.”
“I don’t want you all to have this tension whenever we’re together.”
I then bring my face forward a little. The music is loud, so I give a shout:
“Yo FreddieMercury, let’s become friends.”
This immediately ignites him into lividness:
“YOU RAPED HOTASIAN!”
“You know that’s not true.”
“SHE TOLD ME YOU SAID WOMEN FALL IN LOVE WITH RAPISTS!”
“Don’t put words in my mouth. There’s this biology book...”
“FUCK THIS BIOLOGY CRAP!”
As he says that, he erupts in anger and slams his clenched fists, clouting them onto
the bar. He then puts his middle finger in my face. He’s about two yards away from
me. I see hostility, blood and pure hatred in his eyes. Ah, the irony: Here I am, facing
an exact replica of Freddie Mercury, and he has the most mercurial nature I’ve ever
510Destination Poon
seen on a human. He reacts the way vegans and other cultists react whenever faced
with identity-threatening opinions:
“FUCK YOU! FUCK ALL OF YOU!”
That’s a little funny. Given his proclivity for conflict, I still don’t expect him to turn
violent. Remember, he’s still one of those anti-violence, pacifist liberals, right? So to
preserve his peaceful image, he should keep fury tamed. FreddieMercury is the kind
of activist who always thinks he’s right and that everyone else who does not share
his views is wrong. The kind of pretentious Grendels who are the first ones to
emotionally dissociate and resort to violent verbal roughhousing whenever
confronted with ideas that contradict their core beliefs and the false reality they have
constructed in their minds. Their souls are tormented, their hogwash ideas fragile,
their knowledge is nothing more than a temporary puff of smoke. “Open-
mindedness” my ass.
Right before he leaves, Joe goes ballistic. It’s quite a feat to enrage Joe. He’s a Zen
dude, and it takes a lot to shake his inner emotional balance. But once you do, he’s
unstoppable. And because he’s good friends with both me and FreddieMercury, he
can’t stand this tension anymore:
“FUCK YOU BOTH! THIS IS ALL SHANE’S FAULT! HE SHOULD HAVE LEFT
HOTASIAN TO DROWN AND DIE!”
He curses in French, stops to catch his breath, and continues to erupt like lava:
“DON’T TRY TO TALK TO HIM, REGGIE! HE’S STUPID! HE’S A STRONG
HOMOSEXUAL, YOU’RE A STRONG HETEROSEXUAL! IT’S A LOST CAUSE!”
This whole uproar must have scared the sexy blondie next to me, because when I
turn around, she’s gone. I look at Claudia. It’s hilarious. She’s in the corner,
hunkering down next to a forlorn, sulking FreddieMercury. They look like a mom and
an angry kid. Ah, this marvelous Claudia! She must be the most empathetic girl to
511Destination Poon
have ever placed a foot in Utila.
Ever since that night, my friends in Utila began to call me “Reggie the Rapist.” How
funny is that? Whenever I saw SexyBartender and her slutty friend bicycling down
the main strip, they were yelling to me “REGGIE THE RAPIST WE LOVE YOU!”
Newcomers to the dive shop kept asking me, “ARE YOU REGGIE THE RAPIST?” It
went viral. I am Reggie the Rapist, destroyer of poons. Even though from time to
time I can cum too quickly.
The next day is the day when Boris and I go on the airport rampage. After we come
back alive, I go to Tranquilla and tell SexyBartender about what just happened with
the plane trying to kill me. I always liked to talk to her. We had such a good click we
could talk for hours. But as I talk to her in the bar now, we must look like a
passionate couple in love, because HotAsian arrives out of nowhere and faces me in
jealousy:
“Hey...”
She sounds like she’s thirsty for my attention, but I don’t give her even one iota of it.
She leaves quickly. You can’t just run around telling everyone I raped you, and then
expect me to shower you with love. SexyBartender has sharp senses:
“Oh my God, Reggie! Did you see her face? She is soooooooo jealous! I think she
hates me. She probably thinks there’s something between us!”
There’s nothing between us. Tim has developed noticeable feelings for her, so I
never made a move. I like to think I am extremely loyal to my friends. Later, I go with
SexyBartender to a local bar. HotAsian is there with FreddieMercury. We cross paths
at one point, and I pinch HotAsian’s right ass cheek. I like to test my luck. When
we’re back, Tim prepares his stuff because he leaves tomorrow. I tell him:
“I’ll miss you, brother. You’re a good man.”
512Destination Poon
“You too, bro. You intrigue me. You really intrigue me.”
He then decides it’s time to taint my soul with cocaine:
“COME ON! TRY IT ONCE! MAN UP!”
I refuse. I’m not going to risk the functionality of my brain. But I wake up later at night
and find Tim kneeling, trying to blow cocaine from his finger into one of my nostrils. I
catch him in time and blow the cocaine right back at him, pushing him away as I do. I
return to sleep with one of the sheets covering my nose. He leaves the next morning
and I promise him something:
“Don’t worry, I’ll make sure nobody fucks her in the ass when she gets drunk.”
Tim is more liberal than me:
“If you can let a bird fly free into the wild, and it returns — that bird is yours. But if
you enclose a bird in a cage, can you really call that bird your bird?”
Smart boy, Tim. Just remember that promiscuous birds are more likely to return with
HIV.
I spend the rest of the week with SexyBartender. By now, we’re some of the best
friends in Utila. Two days after Tim leaves, I visit one of the other bars she works in.
We end up sharing the bar’s notorious space cookie. It blurs our senses, and I
struggle to ignore the sexual tension that has grown between us. SexyBartender
opens up:
“Reggie, you think I’m a good girl?”
When in doubt, always redirect the question:
“Do you think you’re a good girl?”
513Destination Poon
“Yes!”
Women surely know how to deceive themselves. The cookie numbs my empathy,
bringing out the best of me:
“Let’s see: You smoke. You do cocaine. You get drunk every night. And you fuck a
different guy every few days. Would you say that’s a good girl?”
Now, I’ll never forget her expression at that moment. Her face changes from pure joy
to pure grief. Imagine how you’d look like if somebody came to your birthday party
and told you that your dog just died. She then begins to lash out, almost in tears:
“HOW DARE YOU JUDGE ME LIKE THAT?! YOU DON’T THINK I’M A GOOD
GIRL?”
Stay calm, Reggie. Don’t be swayed by external emotions.
“That doesn’t mean I don’t like hanging out with you.”
I try to make a joke of it, but her self-esteem is too fragile. She becomes volcanic:
“I THOUGHT YOU WERE MY FRIEND! YOU JUST RUINED THIS BEAUTIFUL
MOMENT WE HAD!”
I stare at her with unnerving earnestness:
“You know I’m your friend.”
I then change the subject quickly, trying to channel SexyBartender’s emotions into a
more positive spectrum.
“Alright, alright, let’s try something! Close your eyes and imagine yourself in an open
514Destination Poon
forest full of tall trees.”
I continue to improvise for as long as possible. In this story, I keep instilling questions
about love and emotions and crap that girls love. Fifteen minutes later, she forgives
me with commendations:
“THAT WAS AMAAAAAAAAAZING!!!”
I smile. She smiles back and says:
“You’re special. You have no naughty thoughts for me. I feel like you truly see me as
a friend.”
Aren’t I the virtuous one? That night, SexyBartender and I end up cuddling and
falling asleep together. She rests her head on my chest and curls her legs on top of
my belly the whole night. Surprisingly, my dick remains soft despite this sexy woman
on top of me. But when morning comes, I wake up and see her sitting on an empty
bunk, holding her head against her knees as tears flow down her cheeks.
Immediately, I go to sit next to her. I caress her back in circular motions, to make her
feel loved and to relax her.
“What’s wrong?”
And just then, a magic moment occurs.
“I’ll miss you when you leave.”
She then hugs me and puts her head against my chest. I swear to God, for a brief
moment I felt the very essence of romantic love glowing in her teary eyes. Is it
possible? Is SexyBartender falling in love with me? I embrace her with warmness.
She then begins to pour out her heart:
“I thought about what you said yesterday... and you’re right. I want to stop drinking
515Destination Poon
and doing drugs and all this stuff. I really want to get my life together.”
What a good lesson for life:
Being honest and calling people on their destructive habits may seem malicious at
first, but it may actually facilitate growth and help change their toxic lifestyles. Never
lie to people if you want to help them shed their former selves and emerge stronger
from the black chasm of their broken reality.
While most men tell SexyBartender how amazing she is because they think that’ll
bring them closer to sex, I just took a deep unblinking stare in her soul and told her
the truth as I see it. No friendly pretense. No vain compliments. Only the bottom of
my heart. I’d expect anyone else to treat me the same way. Tell a fat girl she’s
beautiful and she’ll keep munching Dunkin’ Donuts. Tell her the truth — that it’s going
to be very hard for her to land a good husband when she looks like a warpig — and
the next thing you know, she’s googling about the Paleo diet. Honesty can transform
lives.
The next day, I find a private apartment to rent on the island. Parrots is too hectic.
Upon arrival to my new abode, I find a big, furry tarantula under one of my pillows. I
take a shovel and smash it. A few hours later, I find another one, so I decide to keep
the shovel in my apartment as a crucial commodity item. At night, I again share one
of those evil space cookies with SexyBartender, and we continue to Tranquilla from
there. But after an hour, electricity goes down and a complete blackout overtakes
Utila. I’t not rare in third-world islands. And under the dizzy, confusing effect of the
space cookie, I manage to make my way back home, walking like a mummy to avoid
smashing my head against objects. Since I hid the key earlier, I can’t find it now in
this darkness. So I climb inside through the window. At that point, I am so exhausted
and clouded that I just collapse on my bed without even checking for tarantulas
under my pillows. But the real intensity of the night happens then, when something
extremely strange begins to emerge in front of my eyes:
LAUGHING SKULLS.
516Destination Poon
There are three bright skulls right in front of my face, laughing as they twist rapidly
from side to side in vibrational movements. They look just like those skulls on a
pirate flag. The one in the center is the biggest one, and its hollow eye sockets are
quite spooky. They remind me of HotPastor. I try to avoid staring at them by shifting
my head to the right, but the skull follows my head. I then see something else:
FIRE.
My room is ablaze from every direction. There is a huge fiery wave of flames
emanating from my kitchen, swaying like a wild wind. I feel a little anxiety. Am I going
to die? Is my apartment on fire? No, Reggie, of course it isn’t. The real question is,
what the fuck was in that cookie? Ringed by the fire and skulls and madness, I
manage to speak to myself back to reality. I coherently and objectively analyze
what’s happening and realize that it’s just a hallucination. That the fire is just the
orange light of my microwave oven. I lose the fear and fall into deep sleep.
Reggie the Iron Soul. Reggie the Tower of Mental Power. Reggie the Hallucinating
Motherfucker.
In the morning, I refresh myself with a fresh fruit shake in “Rehab”, a kind of a bar-
restaurant sitting on top of Utila’s turquoise water. As I sit and chit chat with the
owner, another foreigner begins to talk to me. He has that false confidence of
someone who travels in a pack. He soon invites me to join his friends at their table. I
add a fish and potatoes to my tab and welcome his offer. One of his friends is a
redhead with a ZZ Top beard. I exclaim:
“NICE BEARD!”
I really mean it, but he seems sensitive about his looks. He redirects:
“NICE EARS!”
517Destination Poon
Good move, brother. I do have funny ears.
“Thanks, got them from my dad! They helped me navigate in the army.”
Everybody laughs. But I have no time to collect new friends. There’s a big day
ahead: HotAsian is leaving! So I soon go back and grab her for a walk on the dock.
She’s shy, so as always I am the one to initiate:
“If mistakes were ever made... obviously it was your fault.”
I smile. She smiles back. I continue:
“But what the fuck was happening in your head?”
“I’m not sure... I... I think we Americans are educated very differently than where you
come from. It was strange to me, to feel attracted to you. And I kept seeing you
talking to all the girls here, I thought I was just another notch for you.”
That’s quite surprising to me. I open up myself:
“My affection for you was always real.”
I mean that. She becomes excited:
“If you had talked like that earlier we would have had sex right there on the bridge!”
She wraps her arms around my neck. I embrace her tiny frame. Many moments
surge through me. The woods of Utila. The false rape allegations. The last weeks
here. Soon to be gone forever, destined to exist only in our memories. There’s a
sense of finality about the way HotAsian speaks:
“I think you’re a great person. But everyone here is so threatened by you that they
didn’t talk to you at all and didn’t see the real you. I think it’s a shame because you’re
518Destination Poon
interesting and friendly. You just have to treat girls better. But... your self-confidence
and charisma are very attractive.”
I give a naughty grin. She continues:
“You know exactly what I’m talking about! The way you walk around all day with no
shirt... everybody notices you when you’re in a room. Your presence is impressive.
But sometimes you have so much confidence that it’s off-putting!”
I don’t say a word, but this shocks me. Did I actually overplay my cards? I now feel
like I should have been softer with her. Her observation surprises me. It reminds me
of something I have noticed repeatedly in my travels: Women in certain cultures —
especially Asian and Middle Eastern — seem to have a tendency to seek more
safety and commitment in their mate compared to white girls from a European
heritage. And while others might say it’s a just social construct, every biologist knows
culture is the result of its genetic construct. So even though HotAsian grew up in
America, her DNA is still Asian. Under this view, her behavior makes more sense.
Besides her emotional issues, could it be that her fluxes were just her Asian DNA
genuinely keeping her away from me? Who knows. I just hug her. Our warm
conversation drifts to strange places. She tells me:
“What animal are we? I’m an ant! I’m small and hardworking. And you... you’re a
wolf! A lone wolf!”
Fuck yes! I love wolves. Cute HotAsian. There’s an essence of humanity in her after
all. And she leaves early the next morning. But this is far from being the end of this
story. A whole new disaster is about to strike soon. I don’t know how long it’s been
simmering, but two days later, when I return from a dive...
ALL HELL BREAKS LOOSE.
Seriously, the recent frenzy in the island pales in comparison to the upcoming furor.
Remember when half the dive shop was avoiding me in fear of being tainted by
519Destination Poon
association to the HotAsian’s incident? That’s just the tip of the iceberg. When I
return from the morning dive, everybody stares at me in disbelief. Give
FreddieMercury the pitchfork, hand those angry onlookers the torches, and they
would all burn Reggie the Rapist alive for heresy. I am completely baffled. What the
hell happened? I try to ask the boat captain, but his voice is hollow:
“Man, I don’t wanna get involved.”
What the fuck is happening?
I step off the boat and go to clean my diving equipment. But before I begin,
EcuadorianOwner comes and grabs me with a look of terror on her face.
“REGGIE! Listen to me. You’re going to talk to SexyBartender now, but I have to
warn you. She is really mad at you, and if she resorts to violence, don’t hit her back.
You can get in jail for that here in Honduras.”
WHAAAAAAAAAAT?
“She’s a friend. Why would she hit me?”
“I don’t want to get involved. But really, SHE WANTS TO KILL YOU!”
What the fuck? This catches me with both surprise and curiosity. I genuinely care for
SexyBartender. So I immediately go to see what’s up. EcuadorianOwner again grabs
my arm, as if she’s worried of a potential commotion that may escalate into a violent
riot in her dive shop:
“Listen, I think you don’t understand the situation. I’ll just say that she told me you
sent naked photos of her to her boyfriend. Don’t ask me anything else, I really don’t
want to get involved.”
WHAT THE FUCK? Does she have a boyfriend? And I’ve never even seen her
520Destination Poon
naked. I saunter into the main office, where EcuadorianOwner leads me to a small
instruction room. And right there is when I see this new version of SexyBartender for
the first time.
HOLY CRAP.
Contemptuous, violent and malicious, she has the face of a vengeful serial killer. She
stands tall and struggles to hold herself in check. I suppose she promised
EcuadorianOwner to avoid violence when she convened this meeting. Have you
read the last book of the Hunger Games series, where Peeta’s brain is hijacked by
the Capitol and he turns from a soft and caring person into a violent, explosive man?
That’s the best way I can describe SexyBartender now. She doesn’t feel like the
same person I have known. She then erupts:
“HOW DARE YOU MOTHERFUCKER?”
She now faces me, staring at me unblinkingly just as I showed her at the bar.
“Stay calm. What happened?”
“YOU’RE A SON OF A BITCH! HOW DARE YOU?”
“DARE WHAT?”
“DON’T ACT INNOCENT! HOW DARE YOU SEND NAKED PHOTOS OF ME TO
MY BOYFRIEND?”
“Are you fucking serious?”
Her blood seems to reach a boiling point, because she literally SLAPS me across the
face as she launches into a sermon of tantrums:
“HOW DARE YOU! MOTHERFUCKER! I TRUSTED YOU! I THOUGHT YOU WERE
521Destination Poon
MY FRIEND! HOW DARE YOU SON OF A BITCH?? I FUCKING HATE YOU!”
I remember EcuadorianOwner’s words, so I avoid touching SexyBartender. I remain
stoically calm:
“Chill out. Tell me what exactly happened.”
She continues to erupt:
“I KNOW IT’S YOU! YOU TOOK THESE PHOTOS!”
SexyBartender then tries to slam a PUNCH into my face. I evade it with my hands
still behind my back. I try to think, what naked photos of her did I take? The only
photos I can think of are the ones I uploaded to my Utila album on Facebook. But
she was wearing a blanket there. And I certainly didn’t talk to any boyfriend. The only
logical explanation I can think of is that her boyfriend stalked my albums and saw
these photos and thought we had sex. Anyway, things soon get nasty, so
EcuadorianOwner rushes us to the wide open space outside the dive shop, right
where the main tarmac road of Utila is. SexyBartender’s volcanic outburst only
intensifies:
“FUCK YOU MOTHERFUCKER! I HATE YOU! GET THE FUCK AWAY FROM THIS
ISLAND! YOU DON’T BELONG IN UTILA!”
SexyBartender then begins to shove me onto the fence nearby, throwing two
punches into my face. One of them I avoid, the other hits me directly on the temple.
It’s actually painful. I decide to threaten her:
“Never do that again or I’ll knock the shit out of you.”
Apparently, this doesn’t help against girls from a country where the murder rate per
capita is the highest in the world. Because she then slams a bunch more punches
into my face. I avoid most of them by swinging my face from side to side. I feel like
522Destination Poon
Floyd Mayweather. Still, a few of them land, and they’re surprisingly powerful for a
girl. Honduran women are beasts! SexyBartender’s slutty BFF soon joins from
nowhere and begins to shoot punches into my face as well. And here I am, against a
fence in Utila, evading multiple female punches as I swing my head right to left with
my hands behind my back. IS THIS REAL? They both now curse me at the same
time.
“YOU MOTHERFUCKER!”
“I HATE YOU!”
“YOU DON’T BELONG IN UTILA!”
Laughing, because it’s such a surreal scene, I still move and evade most of their
punches. But I now begin to lose hope of talking reason to these two feral beasts.
But what the fuck? Is this really about the whole photos thing, or was there some
hidden plan going on behind my back? I get a feeling that this is all a plot designed
to oust me out of the dive shop. But why? Why would SexyBartender do that? To this
day, I have no clue. But anyway, with all the adrenaline, I soon glance around and
notice the magnitude of the scene for the first time:
WE HAVE A CROWD.
Lots and lots of people. All around us.
They all look shocked, frozen in place. Dozens and dozens of people. Locals
stopping their motorbikes in the main strip to watch. People from the balconies in
nearby hotels. Groups of stunned Parrots divers observing this queer ruckus in sheer
amazement. Is this real? Is SexyBartending actually beating the shit out of Reggie
the Rapist? What’s this nasty collision about? Our universe was created from
collisions. Hydrogen atoms collided to form helium atoms. Dead stars collided with
asteroids to create planets. Collisions can give life, but what possible growth can
come out of all this? The janitor of Parrots, Carter, then comes to separate us:
523Destination Poon
“Reggie, buddy, please leave here before things get too crazy!”
I leave, but only because I respect Carter and don’t want him to get in trouble. And it
is later when EcuadorianOwner tells me I am kicked out of Parrots. She says that
SexyBartender and me can’t be in the same place, and that since she’s Honduran,
they’re always going to be on her side. I tell her that I’ll donate $5,000 to her dive
shop if SexyBartender proves me guilty of anything. She says it doesn’t matter. She
simply wants to avoid trouble in her business. To be honest? I understand her.
EcuadorianOwner was always nice to me and I have no intention to cause any
trouble, especially now when she’s in late pregnancy. And yes, I would still
recommend Parrots. If you ever go there, send my best regards to Rudy the boat
captain, and to Franklyn the instructor.
That night, I return to the dive shop, but this time only to hang out with Joe and Andy
on the dock in Parrots. We have an unexpected guest when a SHAVED
FreddieMercury joins the table in a combatant mode:
“REGGIE, ARE YOU SUPPOSED TO BE HERE?”
Ah, there we go again.
“Is there a problem?”
“I’m serious. Are you allowed to be here?”
Joe gets involved:
“What’s the problem?”
“I’m asking because I know they kicked him out of the dive shop.”
“We’re his friends, he came to hang out with us.”
524Destination Poon
“WELL, IF HE’S HERE, I’M GOING TO LEAVE.”
Joe begins to get stirred again:
“Why do you always act like that to him?”
FreddieMercury, in his usual flamboyance, erupts again:
“REGGIE, I PERSONALLY THINK YOU’RE A PIECE OF SHIT. DON’T EVER TALK
TO ME!”
Hell hath no fury like an activist scorned. But didn’t he notice he was the one talking
to me? Joe responds:
“HE NEVER EVEN SAID A BAD WORD TO YOU! YOU’RE THE ONE WHO
ALWAYS TALKS SHIT!”
FreddieMercury then leaves. Peace begins to overtake the table. It’s hard to stay
peaceful when people like him, ostentatious fucks who are immune to the
sympathies that sway healthy people, are around. Joe tells me:
“Reggie, man, you gotta stay away from dangerous women.”
Soon, Joe’s plump, charismatic French friend joins the table. He’s heard some of the
conversation, so he asks me:
“Wait a sec, are you the guy everyone’s looking for?”
“Everyone what?”
“Listen, there’s a bunch of Hondurans in Tranquilla and they’re looking for some guy
who did something to that local bartender girl.”
525Destination Poon
“They’re looking for me then.”
Joe looks just as confused as me. But his French friend is the most shocked of all of
us:
“ARE YOU CRAZY? That girl is the most popular girl on the island. Everyone
protects her. You should leave as soon as possible. That group looking for you is her
friends from Tegucigalpa, they arrived this morning for Semana Santa. I saw them
looking for you in Tranquilla, asking questions. Trust me, you better leave on the next
ferry. And DO NOT GO INSIDE THE BAR. It’s Honduras, they all have knives.”
HOLY SHITBALLS.
This French guy has been here for quite a while, so he knows the dynamics of this
island better than all of us. He then tells me how he once saw a similar group
stabbing someone and pushing him into the ocean because he messed with one of
the local girls. That’s enough for me, so I leave and go to my rented apartment. But
since it’s Semana Santa — an important holiday or something — there are no ferries
leaving the island that week. So for the next few days, I go out in daylight only to get
food or meet secretly with Joe or Boris. I try to remain low-profile until the next ferry
comes. At one point, I help an old lady walk, looking over my shoulder as if I’m a
convicted criminal. I spend the days in this prison of safety I call my apartment, until I
hop on the very first ferry a couple of days later, escaping Utila unscratched. On my
ride back, a local tells me a woman was shot earlier today in a ferry leading to the
other island, Roatan. I reach the mainland, achieve final catharsis, and come up to
the inevitable conclusion:
HONDURAS IS CRAZY.
The real shocker comes two weeks later, when I take a boat to Isla de Ometepe in
Nicaragua. Yes, the same place from the hot habanero chapter. Onboard, there are
two Swiss girls with the famous t-shirts of Utila. Evocative memories immediately
526Destination Poon
spring to mind, so I blurt:
“Utila!”
“We just came back from there! Were you there too?”
Ah! If only they knew. I smile and nod. They keep talking:
“Did you do your Open Water course there?”
“I was actually kicked out of my Divemaster.”
They begin to laugh confusingly:
“HOW CAN YOU GET KICKED OUT?! WHAT DID YOU DO?!”
“You’ll be afraid of me if I tell you. But let’s just say everybody thinks I sent a bunch
of naked photos of that tall bartender from Tranquilla to her boyfriend.”
The hotter Swiss girl then looks at me. Her eyes begin to glow in awe, as if she has
just met Johnny Depp. What is she so excited about? I immediately get the answer:
“WAIT A SEC! ARE YOU REGGIE THE RAPIST??? OH MY GOD WE’VE HEARD
SO MUCH ABOUT YOU! PLEASE TELL US EVERYTHING!!”
HOLY CRAP, I HAVE FANS!
Have I unwittingly become the symbol of rebellion, the face of resistance to the
Divemaster demigods and psychotic girls? Among the mass of haters, did I also
collect a bunch of enthusiastic lovers too? The two girls tell me that people all over
the island are talking about me, about the guy who was cried raped by HotAsian and
was physically assaulted by SexyBartender and her crazy BFF. They ask me if I did
any of it. I tell them that although I am flattered, I never raped anyone or sent any
527Destination Poon
naked photos. But what can I say?
If you ever plan on standing out from the crowd, expect a mass of haters. It’s a sign
that you’re doing something meaningful. Relish their attacks. People never attack
whoever is in second or third place, only the leader. But, if some of them are
dangerous women, listen to Joe and... keep some fucking distance.
The next week, I get a message from Tim:
You are holding this book.
528Destination Poon
Epilogue
My goal is to build a life I don’t need a vacation from. (Sr. Rob Hill)
When you try to climb a mountain to prove how big you are, you almost never make
it. And even if you do it’s a hollow victory. In order to sustain the victory you have to
prove yourself again and again in some other way, and again and again and again,
driven forever to fill a false image, haunted by the fear that the image is not true and
someone will find out. (Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance)
Here’s to the crazy ones. The misfits. The rebels. The troublemakers. The round
pegs in the square holes. The ones who see things differently. They’re not fond of
rules. And they have no respect for the status quo. You can quote them, disagree
with them, glorify or vilify them. About the only thing you can’t do is ignore them.
Because they change things. They push the human race forward. And while some
may see them as the crazy ones, we see genius. Because the people who are crazy
enough to think they can change the world, are the ones who do. (Steve Jobs)
That’s it. I’m proud you’ve made it so far.
To think that this book is being read continents away as nourishment for the soul is a
humbling thought. But before you all dump your girlfriends, wives and sexual
mistresses and begin to cultivate a peripatetic lifestyle of adventures, I feel
responsible to share a few insights.
Yes, travel — especially the stimulating, unpredictable kind that isn’t tourism — can
be a very rewarding part in life for developing your character. It will expose you to
different lifestyles and make you feel less obligated to settle for the daily “normal”
grind of the West. It will teach you about your core values. It will show you what
you’re capable of. It will cultivate flexibility, tolerance, creativity, and an overall
independent spirit. Is it worth it? Definitely.
You see, the first day when you arrive to a new place, there’s this special orchestra
529Destination Poon
playing in your head. All the new smells, new colors, new landscapes, new people,
and new habits. But there’s a caveat. As in everything, there’s a learning curve. And
it gradually begins to flatten. So you improve and expand your comfort zone and
develop strength and wisdom, but there’s a point where there’s not much to attain
from travel anymore. And then the drawbacks begin to outweigh the benefits of
travel.
Can you fucking believe it? Can you believe that traveling the world and having lots
of random sex can eventually become tiring and empty? When this happens, it’s
hard not to feel the meaninglessness of an uncommitted lifestyle. You begin to look
for more content, for commitment. Without commitment, you can’t have depth in
anything. Not in relationships. Not in business. Not in life. Sex with new hot girls is
great, yes, and so is the ability to freely move from one exotic nation to the next. But
what feels even better is building a tribe with someone you love, and being
surrounded by the solid sense of home that only comes with deep lifelong
friendships. When you’re constantly on the move, every new place makes you “reset
socially” and begin from zero. You don’t cultivate a circle, a tribe.
This is how I feel now. How ironic is that? Now that I have the financial freedom to
travel the world as much as I want, I no longer desire it as much. Like many who had
lived through energetic times, I’ve had so much excitement that I now feel the need
to simply lead a less eventful life. I feel this desire I had never felt before, the desire
to settle down and build my own tribe in the traditional way I was raised to. In a
committed relationship where you can provide your brood of kids all the safety,
stability, and unconditional love that they need to grow into healthy adults. With the
occasional vacation abroad, yes, but only as short respites to recharge from a
committed lifestyle where there’s an established home base to return to.
(Don’t worry ladies, I’ll still mingle if I’m single. Contact me, we’ll figure it out.)
Now, I do recommend wholeheartedly to travel from time to time. If you plan to, my
only advice is to keep it as simple and unpredictable as possible. The travels I enjoy
the most are the travels when I carry and plan the least. Damn, I sometimes travel
530Destination Poon
only with a toothbrush in my pocket. You see, material possessions very often clutter
life rather than enrich it. And traveling so light will let you reap the sublime, lofty prize
of minimalism. It will clean and unburden your mind. It will encourage genuine
interactions with your environment. It will make you much more likely to find and
jump on new adventures. You’ll return home with a sharper perspective, with new
passions, with a higher appreciation of the world, and you’ll most probably want to
declutter your home too. If you have fear, that’s normal. But know that the hardest
decision is always the one to go. The best antidote I have found is to just impulsively
book the ticket and trust Mother Fortuna to work it all out in your favor. She always
does.
If you have a business like I do, or if you plan to, I have found that the best way to
combine the two is to cycle them. If you work and travel at the same time, it kinda
sucks. You don’t give work as much attention as it deserves, and your mind isn’t
completely free to experience the journey. Remember that the easiest way to taint
your trip is to check emails and open the internet in an exotic new place. But if you
allocate a few months for work, and then a month of unplugged travel, I find that it
works great. Civilization makes one soft and lazy, and going on these unplugged,
serendipitous respites once in a while will really help recharge your battery, your
soul, and make you more productive and focused when you return. Cycles of
comfort/discomfort will make you less risk-averse, and the stimuli of travel will help
feed the process of creation, of business, of art.
Are you still afraid to get out there? Just not feeling that epic sense of possibility?
Well, perhaps you shouldn’t travel. I know plenty of perfectly happy, fulfilled people
who never feel the itch to go out there and explore. But to you, my brothers, let me
ask you something: Do you do other daring things? Do you work out? Do you create
something? Do you constantly build your life?
We are all ancestors of the greatest warriors and hunters to have ever lived on
planet Earth. Think about it. Before modern times, men were battling either nature or
each other, and we’re all descendants of the ones who won and passed on their
genes. Those winners were all risk takers who rolled the dice, and they all gradually
531Destination Poon
laid out the thriving framework for humanity. And each of us carries their precious
DNA. Are you listening to me? We’re all the offspring of the smartest, strongest,
fastest, and most courageous men in history. The blood of greatness courses
through our veins. But what are you doing with this amazing gift? Playing video
games? Working nine to five in a job you hate? Go out there and hunt for the life of
your dreams.
And... never forget that Father Time constantly breathes down our necks. Each
millisecond, probability is biting away at the chance that you’ll be alive tomorrow.
We’re ticking time bombs. There is nothing to lose. We’re all naked. It shouldn’t be
depressing, but invigorating: There is no reason not to march the beat of your own
drum. “Memento mori,” the Romans would say — “Remember you are mortal.” So
grab hold of your reins and strive to make your life the best version of what it can be.
Positive side effect: it makes all lives around you better as well.
This all being said, feel free to disregard my advice if it doesn’t resonate. Nobody
has it all figured out, certainly not me. But I only ask you to remember this:
The world is what you think it is. Cultivate the right attitude, and you can tame chaos
to dance like a cobra to the sound of your flute.
532Destination Poon
What's Next?
There is no shame in poverty, there is only shame in not taking action to escape
from it. (Pericles)
I believe one thing holds it all together. Everything I’ve ever done was with
excitement, because I wanted to do it, because I loved doing it. (Ray Bradbury)
You have to learn the rules of the game, and then you have to play better than
anyone else. (Albert Einstein)
Now that we’ve become friends through the printed word, you’ll do me a great favor if
you leave an Amazon review for this book. This is the greatest help you can do to
help Destination Poon’s dark tentacles reach everywhere. If this book has inspired
you, please tell a friend or let me know at regev@regevelya.com.
And now that this book is a piece of philosophy captured for eternity on paper, I’m
going to have the time for new things. There are always new exciting projects up my
sleeve. So go subscribe to my website, like my Facebook page (Regev Elya), and
don’t hesitate to contact me about anything.
Oh...
And if you’re a hot girl with an insatiable thirst for careless men, then contact me and
maybe we’ll work something out. Extra Reggie points for an hourglass shape.
533Destination Poon
Gratitude
First, my greatest gratitude and love to everyone from Tribe Elya. Thanks for
nurturing, loving and instilling traditional values and an appreciation of life in all of us.
Thank you my devout site readers for your enthusiasm, support and belief in my
work. Your constant feedback is a godsend. Thank you Chris Rauers for your
feedback and for catching so profoundly what the rest of us missed so easily. You’re
a true storyteller. Thank you John Harten for the constant advice and for fixing my
bad English predispositions. And thank YOU. All of you. Because in the end, if
nothing comes out of this book but this one frustrated man who now lives life on his
own terms, then every word and every hour that I have spent writing would have
been all worth it. And lastly, every art is influenced — directly or indirectly — by
generations and generations of art preceding it. I didn’t invent anything. Everything I
do depends on other inventions. Clothes. Keyboards. Even my writing style. So
thank you all artists who has affected this work in one way or another.
534
