All events from this book are real. Some names, features, ages, and locations were
changed to protect the privacy of some of the persons involved.
Disclaimer
Always consult a professional before undertaking any advice in this book. I expressly
disclaim responsibility from anything that may result from the use or application of
the information provided. Seriously, don’t do anything stupid.
Copyright 2015 by Regev Elya.
All rights reserved. It is strictly prohibited to use any part of the publication without
my prior consent.
All registered trademarks in this book are property of their respective owners.
1Destination Poon
Dedication
In memory of Evonne and Fraji Elya, my amazing grandparents who recently
passed away. Thanks for nurturing, keeping us all united, and teaching dozens of
little grandkids that life is just a big playground full of love, opportunities and trees to
climb. You are sorely missed.
2Destination Poon
Preface
Two roads diverged in a wood, and I... I took the one less traveled by, and that has
made all the difference. (Robert Frost)
Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn’t
do than by the ones you did do. So throw off the bowlines. Sail away from the safe
harbor. Catch the trade winds in your sails. Explore. Dream. Discover. (Mark Twain)
I've nailed more women than I could count... at least I think they were women. (Hugh
Hefner)
How would your life look if you could wake up every morning and do whatever you
wanted, wherever you wanted, whenever you wanted? Would you go skiing in the
Alps? Would you go bathe in the green pastures of the Caucasus? Would you go
hike the steep volcanoes of Central America? Would you just go and find some
tropical paradise to build a house in? How many exotic sexual liaisons would you
enjoy? And when exactly would you... get sick of this peripatetic lifestyle?
I’m Reggie, and I’m trying to answer those questions every day.
My life has been pretty unusual over the past decade. After finishing my three years
of military service, I joined the best university in Israel... only to drop out after three
weeks. I couldn’t see the point of memorizing details when everything can be looked
up on Google in three seconds. I could also see where that path was leading, and I
didn’t want to go there. I didn’t want to end up as a high-paid office drone with a fat
wife.
I dropped out a day after seeing something on TV, “Two Teenagers Make $12,000 a
Month, Working 6 Hours a Week From The Laptop on the Beach.” HOLY CRAP! At
that moment, everything changed. I had no idea how I was going to do it, but I
trusted myself to figure it all out. The idea of living in the rat race for forty years was
more painful than the idea of working my ass off to escape it.