Tengo una Pistola
Nobody can give you freedom. Nobody can give you equality or justice or anything. If
you’re a man, you take it. (Malcolm X)
Being underfed on the Virgin Island for a few days — the food there was never
enough — I was constantly conjuring up an image of myself wolfing down a whole
supper when back in Panama City. An image of fatty slabs of meat and green
steamed veggies covered in thick cream. So...
The first thing I do when I return — after the obvious shower — is hunting for food.
It’s about ten o’clock at night when I go out in search of an illuminated Coca Cola
sign, a sure signal for an open eatery in Central America. It’s dark as hell outside,
because there’s a scarcity of lampposts. And they’re all dimmed anyway. I walk for
five minutes in the darkness in search of an open eatery to fulfill my strongest
culinary desire, but then it dawns on me. There’s something I haven’t carefully
considered:
IT’S PANAMA CITY.
I can’t tell exactly why, perhaps all the hilarity in Virgin Island has loosened my grip
on reality, but it never even crossed my mind before I headed out onto the street: It’s
fucking Panama City, a city of gang violence and murder. One of the most dangerous
cities in the world. Especially at night. Especially when you’re alone. And especially,
especially when you’re out in the middle of nowhere.
Which is where I am. Because the place I’m staying at is very remote from the city
center. So after a few minutes, I stop and reflect. Do I keep looking for my fatty meat
and cream covered veggies, or do I start walking back? I look around and realize I’m
on a strip of road so dark and devoid of lights it makes me feel a part of a horror
movie. How the fuck did I get here? Like a frog slowly boiled alive by raising the
temperature in small increments, it all happened so gradually. The more I walked,
124Destination Poon
the dimmer and more secluded the place became. But it happened so slowly, over
five minutes, I didn’t really pay attention. And now here I am, in the middle of a
lifeless ghost town.
But it’s also right there, on this reflective moment, that I see them for the first time:
Two silhouettes approaching from the shadows, emerging into full bodies as they
walk into my direction in a swagger that that can only mean two things: Rappers or
thugs.
Yes, Reggie, you are fucked.
Now, to fully capture the thought behind my following response, I want to rewind time
back for a sec.
One day, when I was in the army, I went drinking with my friends to celebrate the
weekend. Soon, I got a phone call from my girlfriend. The bar was noisy, and I
couldn’t hear much, but it sounded like she was in trouble. Like, serious trouble, as if
she had left her house wearing a fur coat, and some vegan tribe came running after
her from the bushes, wielding carrots and agave plants as though they were
weapons forged in steel.
I immediately left the bar and drove to find her. Only one problem: I had way too
much alcohol in my blood. I still took the risk, because it was only fifteen minutes
away. But FUCK. Punished for risky behavior, I reached a roadblock with cops
hunting for drunk drivers. Sounds familiar to anyone out there? Anyway, I deliberately
chose to approach the cops before they could turn their attention on me and assume
the authoritative role:
“Hello sirs, any idea how I get from here to the City Hall nightclub? I’m kind of lost.”
My logic was this: If they approached me first, I would have been forced to use the
breathalyzer. But if I myself approached first and asked for a favor, they’d feel the
natural pull to help a fellow human being. I wouldn’t be just another driver to give a
125Destination Poon
ticket to, but a friendly fellow in need of help. Their reaction?
“Sure! Follow us, we’ll take you there.”
Success, bitches! I ended up following them for the next ten minutes as they took me
directly to the club entrance. The whole time, we were driving in the BUS LANE.
Express travel! The highlight was when they crossed an intersection, and I was so
clouded I continued after them even though the light had already turned red. Yes, I
drove drunk — and ran a red light — right behind a police car. They opened their
window and yelled:
“YOU JUST RAN A RED LIGHT!”
“You told me to follow you!”
They shrugged. It was hilarious! Asking the cops for a favor seemed to short circuit
our cop-civilian distance. I was now one of them. They were now helping me. I was
law-proof. But, why do I tell you all that?
Because when I see the two dodgy Panamanian thugs approaching me in the
darkness, I want to be the one to approach first so I can maybe create that same
feeling of “us” that I had created with the cops seven years ago. Maybe they won’t try
anything crazy that way.
BIG MISTAKE.
I didn’t take into consideration that criminal thugs are usually psychopaths with no
sense of guilt, remorse, or an ability to emotionally bond. Nothing like Israeli cops.
So here’s how it goes:
“Hola amigos, donde hay un restaurante aquí?”
My smattering knowledge of Spanish is enough to come up with this sentence. It
126Destination Poon
means, “Hello buddies, where can I find a restaurant around here?” They both stop
and look at me hollowly. Now that they’re both in front of me, I can see their faces for
the first time. One of them, the more dominant one, has a scar across the side of his
face, and another one on his arm. He looks like an escaped murderer from Alcatraz.
The other isn’t much different, only without a facial scar. They say they don’t know,
and I say “Gracias” and walk past them quickly.
Now where exactly am I walking to? Nowhere really. Only in the opposite direction of
where they seem to be going. It’s dark as fuck, but it seems like the most reasonable
thing to do at the moment. And it is right then when things progress from bad to
worse. Because through the corner of my eye, I see these two dodgy fellas making a
U-turn. Uh-oh.
FUCK.
THEY’RE NOW FOLLOWING ME.
I begin to analyze in my head the value of the stuff I’m carrying. There’s $500 in cash
that I have no problem losing. But there’s also my smartphone, and inside there are
all the notes and photos and ideas that I had collected over the months for this book
that you’re now reading. There’s no fucking way I’m giving this phone away. THEY
MAY TAKE MY LIFE, BUT THEY’LL NEVER TAKE MY SMARTPHONE!
They keep following me, and I have no choice but to keep on walking in the same
direction, into this dark void of this lifeless, remote neighborhood. It’s not like I’m
going to stop and fight them, because they’ll surely stab me or worse. So I just
increase my pace and walk more rapidly, the way you see in movies when girls walk
in dark alleys and fear getting raped. But these two motherfuckers are fast. They are
clearly used to running away from both Latin cops and drug lords. And probably after
fools like me.
The tipping point comes twenty seconds later, when for the first time I see a partly
illuminated zone about forty yards away from me. It’s the only source of light in the
127Destination Poon
area, like an oasis in the middle of an arid desert, so it seems safe to just stop there.
I don’t want to make a sudden movement and run, because these two fellas are just
a few steps behind me. So I just stop. As I stand firmly in place, it takes them three
seconds to appear. They plant themselves right in front of me. I take a deep breath.
For the first two seconds, ScarredThug and I just look into each other’s eyes. But he
then raises the hem of his shirt with one arm and exposes something that is tucked
between his waist and his aged jeans. Adrenaline immediately shoots across my
veins:
IT’S A FUCKING GUN.
OH MY GOD.
ScarredThug stares at me with his vacant eyes and begins to speak in a tone
implying of intent to shoot me in the skull if I don’t give him what he wants. He says
only three words:
“Tengo una pistola.”
My smattering knowledge of Spanish is again enough to tell me what this means: “I
have a gun.”
FUCK.
Imagine yourself in the middle of a Central American nowhere — in a city of crime —
and it’s so dark outside that stray dogs hide behind trash bins. You walk until two
robbers approach you, one of them with a hideously scarred face and... a fucking
pistol. What do you do? Seriously, what would you do? Any sane, normal human
being would just hand his belongings and forever have gratitude and appreciation for
life.
But I am your brother Reggie, and I have a book to write about sexual conquests and
128Destination Poon
fecal adventures. But oh fuck, I forgot they have a GUN. So what I end up doing is
what I believe to be the one, single most brilliant social ruse I’ve ever pulled off in my
entire life. It was pure Social Jew Jitsu in action. Ladies and gents, watch and learn:
Instead of embroiling myself in a contentious fight that’s very likely to end my life, I
try to capture the calm demeanor and grace under pressure that I always assume
when confronted with adversities. And right after ScarredThug says “Tengo tuna
pistola,” I look at him, trying to appear completely naive and friendly:
“Muy bueno, amigo!” (Very nice, buddy!)
They look completely mindfucked. Is this guy so stupid he can’t see we’re robbing
him? Remember, folks: Sometimes the smartest move is acting stupid. It all happens
in a split second, and it feels like walking on eggshells, trying not to step on anything
that may trigger their bad temper. I don’t give them time to respond before I continue:
“Uno momento, hermanos.” (One moment, brothers.)
Saying that, I pat them on their shoulders and begin to nimbly walk RIGHT
BETWEEN THEM, making an expression with my face that I’m going to be back in a
moment. It’s a rash, dangerous move that I may pay for with my life if I fail to pull off.
But taking risks was always instinctive for me, so I still do it. All for the existence of
this book! Aren’t I the dedicated one?
But where exactly am I walking to? Aha! This is the interesting part. Remember that
illuminated area about forty yards away from me? When I saw it for the first time, I
also saw two men there. They were quite far away from me, but now I can see them
more clearly, and they’re dressed in uniforms. Coming from the army, I know this can
only mean one thing: They must be employed to protect this place, and they must
have guns too. So right when I walk between ScarredThug and his friend, I feel
something close to elation that I let myself savor, and I yell toward the two uniformed
men in the distance:
129Destination Poon
“Amiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiigos!”
I continue my movement to their direction, all the while praying for ScarredThug not
to shoot me. As I get closer, I can see a look of suspicion and confusion on the faces
of the two guards. They’re just as bewildered as the two robbers that I had just left
behind. I now have my back to ScarredThug and his accomplice, so I allow myself to
wink repeatedly at the guards. When I’m close enough, I begin to whisper:
“Ellos tengo una pistola!”
BUT FUCK! One of the guards grips his gun and signals me to stop. Apparently, he
has misunderstood and now thinks that I am threatening him. What the fuck is it that
I have just said to him? Wasn’t it “They have a gun”? I immediately try to salvage the
situation:
“No, no, amigo! Los hombres tienen una pistola!”
I give him another few repeated winks and roll my eyes to the side so he
understands. He definitely does this time, because his attention is then shifted to the
direction of ScarredThug and his friend. His eyelids narrow down and his face
assumes a more solid expression. Ten seconds later, I can also see why he was
afraid of me. They’re guarding a bank, and here I was, approaching them from
nowhere, mumbling something about a pistol. Standing next to them now, I allow
myself to look back. Guess what? ScarredThug and his friend are both gone. Yes, I
have successfully managed — unarmed — to short circuit and defuse an armed
robbery. How awesome is that?
Reggie the Bulletproof.
One of the guards tells me to remain close to him while the other goes to get a taxi
for me. It’s comical, because he tries to get me a taxi while holding a loaded gun in
his hand. I guess Panamanians are used to that, because a taxi stops minutes later.
I sincerely thank the guards, hop inside, and let the driver drive me back to my place.
130Destination Poon
It takes about a minute. I give him a 100% tip, a whopping extra $1.
When I reach the reception area of my place, I’m halfway through processing this
stew of emotions that I have just experienced. It is a soup of surprise intermingled
with fear, anger, and the raw primal instinct for survival. And both the receptionists
sense this. One of them is an effeminate Argentinian dude and the other a sexy local
girl with purple dyed hair and the fleshy lips of a girl born for the sole purpose of
giving pleasure.
“What’s up Reggie?” she asks in slight concern.
“Two guys tried to rob me... with a gun.”
Flabbergasted, their eyes fixate on me, abandoning the mundane tasks they were
doing. It is now the Argentinian guy who speaks:
“NO WAY! WHAT DID THEY STEAL?”
I then put on my impish smile and bring out the $500 in cash and the smartphone
from my pockets:
“Nothing!”
You see, I was in Panama City for a week before I went to Virgin Island. I used to
come back every night and tell the two receptionist crazy stories from my day, so
they’re used to a little Reggie surprise. But this time, when I explain to them in detail
what exactly transpired, they are beyond shocked. Shocked that it actually happened
and that I managed to get away without a scratch. The Argentinian speaks again:
“REGGIE, HOW THE FUCK DO THESE THINGS ALWAYS HAPPEN TO YOU?”
I still haven’t found the answer to that.
