I Love You Bebe, You Are Perfect For
Me
Up, sluggard, and waste not life! In the grave will be sleeping enough! (Benjamin
Franklin)
What do you know about El Salvador?
Sure, it’s one of the top surfing destinations in the world. Sure, it’s home to some of
the nicest volcanoes around. And sure, it’s one of Latin America’s most dangerous
and crime ridden nations. And that’s, sadly, why most travelers are so reluctant to
visit. Sadly, because there’s one thing nobody seems to talk about:
El Salvador has some of the most spectacular and ethereal girls in Central America.
If you ever go there, you’ll be blown away by the sheer volume and variety of beauty.
Wherever you walk, you see beautiful, symmetric, mocha-skin Latin faces. Their
large bluish-greenish eyes penetrate your deepest male senses like the unblinking
stare of a nocturnal Bengal tiger from the bushes. Truly gorgeous, Salvadorenas are
nothing like the more indigenous populations of Central America. So upon arrival to
the most popular surfing destination in El Salvador, El Tunco, a nice and pleasant
surprise awaited me.
So nice, in fact, that my stay extended from a few days to almost a full month. I
always prefer staying in one place for a good while, because that way you get to
really experience the local lifestyle. I once met an English bloke who flew from one
country to another every few days. That’s ridiculous, superficial, and exhausting.
Nothing can be done well at that speed, and the multitude of new sights quickly turn
into a blur, piling on one another, forming a confusing, unmemorable experience. On
the other hand, the slow and gradual experience of one place lets you soak up its
nuances and develop depth in your travels.
That being said, all this couldn’t prevent me from feeling a little dispirited after only a
28Destination Poon
week. El Tunco seems to attract groups of surfers, and surfing couples, and I was
possibly one of the only solo travelers at that time. What can I say? Travel can get
quite lonely sometimes. I first tried to alleviate the bad mood by going out with a
Mayan woman, but it ended up with her farting next to me, eventually rushing to the
toilet to conduct a symphony of odious smells and noises. I ran for my life and
figured this woman must be the reason the Mayans predicted the world’s collapse.
They know themselves better than anyone.
My second attempt to hunt poon was a week later. You see, that whole time I had
avoided going to nightclubs because I just didn’t feel like it. But there was a point
where I just got sick of staying in my room at night, dejected and alone. I was having
those doubts and mental crap that everybody feels from time to time. I wanted to
bring back my usual upbeat mood. And nothing does this better than a beautiful
woman. Besides, I was horny. I hadn’t had sex for two weeks. So, I contrived myself
to leave the comfortable safety of my bed and go to a local nightclub, putting on my
unbuttoned shirt and garish agate necklace for added razzle-dazzle. Ladies always
ask me questions about that stone. And I love the ladies.
But when I go to the nightclub, I quickly find myself all alone propped against one of
the gigantic pillars that support the roof. What the...? I must have stood out like a
sore thumb, for a good while, with my flamboyant necklace, cheap flip flops, and
open shirt. And then it hit me: I could just keep standing there like a bozo, wasting
my time, or I could summon what my good friend Natty calls the Reggie Spirit, a
state of mind where taking playful risks triumphs any sense of social self-
preservation.
Yeah, baby. I can do that.
But how do I summon that carefree attitude? How do I ease my psyche back into its
default mode? As always, I resort to that same tactic of mine, trying to call forth the
attitude I’d have had I just enjoyed a blowjob from a hot girl in a hotel jacuzzi. This
rarely disappoints me. And it’s not different this time, because I begin to feel
invincible like Hercules. I then approach a group of the hottest Salvadorian girls in
29Destination Poon
the club. If you’re going to launch a rocket, might as well shoot for the stars and go
all-in. Mediocrity be damned.
I penetrate the group like a dagger. Putting on my impish, carefree grin, I yank one of
the great looking girls toward me. She smiles. My tactic seems to have worked
flawlessly. The right attitude comes back to me. Yes! There will be sex tonight. My
prey is a tiny, sexy professional salsa dancer with a perfect hourglass shape, an
exuberant aura, and an ass so round and fleshy little rodents could use it as a
trampoline.
Personally, I dance like a drowning monkey, but she loves the experience. Probably
because I keep it amusing and make a joke out of it. This is another important lesson
in life: Never get defensive about your flaws, because you can easily turn them into
advantages if you laugh about them. How can this man be so confident about
himself that he isn’t ashamed by this and that? Oh, he’s so attractive! Oh, I wanna
taste his cum!
I keep twirling and spinning SexySalvadorena, throwing her up in the air and
catching her again. With my overgrown beard and chest hair exposed, we must have
looked like Beauty and the Beast. I keep an erogenous, firm grip around her waist,
and an electric energy seems to grow between us.
Her group of friends falls in love with me too. They come and speak to me in turns,
and I feel like one of the tribe now. One of the guys tells me he’s from the army, and
we spend fifteen minutes talking about military stuff as the girls dance together
around us, making all other men in the club drool like hungry hounds. Always
befriend the guys in the group, because if you lead them — you lead the women.
But time is not on our side tonight. It’s already late, and if I want to get that notch — if
I want to get a taste of El Salvador’s most premium of pussies — I have to act fast.
So... I pull SexySalvadorena out of her group and lead her outside for a walk on the
beach. It’s funny, because it feels like we’ve known each other for years. There’s a
contrast about her that I find truly seductive. She’s so energetic and full of life, yet at
30Destination Poon
the same time so shy in a good-girl way. While outside, I try to get her back to my
place:
“Vamos en mi avitacion para excahngar Facebook en mi phone for meeting next
semana.”
Yes, that’s how broken my Spanish is. I didn’t have a smartphone, so I tried to tell
her to come to my room to add her on Facebook so we can meet next week. Of
course, that’s only a way for me to make sex seem accidental when it happens, so
that she doesn’t feel like an easy girl. And though I can feel her ruminating on the
possibility of us having sex, I can also feel her hesitating. Surely, she doesn’t want to
appear like a slut to her friends.
She tells me something in Spanish that my brain decrypts, through her vocal tone
and subtle body language cues, as “My friends are about to leave.” It makes sense,
because the club is about to close. She says she’s going to come back to El Tunco
for me the next weekend. But I know better. One of the basic rudiments of Direct
Marketing is that you should always push for the sale right there when the prospect
is primed and at a hot buying temperature. If the customer goes home to think about
it, she’ll rarely come back.
Reggie the Direct Marketer. Reggie the Savvy Jew.
You see, getting a girl to sleep with you is a lot like getting someone to buy your
product. The only difference is that you are the product and the price is her vaginal
warmth and depth. Embrace the fundamentals of effective sales copy — scarcity,
social proof, and an energetic pitch — and you’ve won more than half the battle.
So, what do I do? As usual, Mother Fortuna comes to my rescue and plants the seed
of genius in my head. In one swift movement, I signal SexySalvadorena to wait
there, and I immediately go to her group of sexy friends and military boyfriends. I tell
them I need to borrow their little friend for ten minutes to exchange details so we can
meet up another day. I put the most naive expression that I can:
31Destination Poon
“Amigos, mi cellular es en mi avitacion. Yo y tu amiga necessitamos go to mi
apartment para exchangar Facebook. Dies minutos, espera!”
I swear to fucking God, for a moment, just a moment, I really believed that. They nod
positively and say:
“Bien! No problema, amigo!”
Now it’s not only Reggie vs. SexySalvadorena. It’s SexySalvadorena vs. her whole
tribe + Reggie. The social forces working on her brain must have been too big for a
tiny, sexy organism like her. And half a minute later, we’re on our way back to my
place, hand in hand like a cheap Hollywood couple.
We reach the doorway of my room. I unlock the door. My room is so minimalistic and
small the bed is right next to the entrance. We get in and sit on my bed. I scoop my
smartphone up and add her on my Facebook, for future fornication in El Tunco...
obviously. I then whisk it away. There’s a pregnant moment of silence, and we both
stare into each other’s eyes. The sexuality in the air is almost thermonuclear. She is
the one to open her mouth first:
“Blah blah blah condom blah blah? yo blah blah protectado blah blah.”
It’s Spanish again, and I don’t understand a word except for condom and protectado.
She must be trying to ask me if I have a condom because she protects herself. Or
maybe not. Who cares? I pull out a condom out of my pocket, and we immediately
ASSAULT each other. Seriously, we were like two industrial-strength magnets flying
into each other, crushing everything in the way in an intense vortex of fiery sexual
attraction.
The heat of intensity leads me to aggressively yank off every piece of her clothing.
They fly everywhere, and my hands soon begin to explore the expanses of her flesh.
When she’s naked, I discover an extremely generous pair of natural boobs.
32Destination Poon
Especially for a girl so tiny. She has a flat, sexy belly, and her salsa ass is even
sexier than I thought. I grab her hair and push her head down. Full compliance. I am
happy. For a moment, I wonder what it would be like to settle here and build a harem
of beauties hungry for my seed. OH, EL SALVADOR, I LOVE YOU.
SexySalvadorena then begin to suck my dick so energetically and so thoroughly that
I quickly lose every bit of a good-girl misconception that I had. Girls, you can’t suck
our dicks so voraciously and still expect us to think of you as the church girl we
thought you were. But we still appreciate your generosity.
When she’s done with her oral magic, SexySalvadorena impales herself on my cock
and rides me like a Texan horse expert on the rodeo ride of his life. It’s spectacular,
and I’m still trying to figure out how a girl so tiny and shy can flip a switch and
become a savage beast in a matter of minutes. Welcome to another day in Reggie’s
life. Those are the kind of questions I have to deal with on a weekly basis.
I then press SexySalvadorena’s chest against the wall — grabbing her hair for both
ardor and leverage — as I begin to penetrate every one of her senses from behind.
She goes completely wild, and the room turns into a rhythmic sequence of loud
smacks as her body hits the wall. A symphony of moans begin to play:
“I LOVE YOU BEBE! STRONG! I LOVE YOU!”
“I LOVE YOU BEBE, YOU ARE PERFECT FOR ME!”
“I LOVE YOU!! STRONG! YES! YOU ARE PERFECT FOR ME! I LOVE YOU BEBE!”
It’s a little spooky when she says that, because her facial expression implies she
really means it. What the fuck? Who says the three forbidden words so quickly? Is
this just the unnatural lingual transition from her mother tongue to English? Perhaps
she had just seen it in some American porn movie? I suppose I’ll never know.
Now, remember, her group of hot friends and military boyfriends are still waiting for
33Destination Poon
us in the club. It was supposed to be “ten minutes.” We come back after half an hour,
and we see them standing outside, all by themselves, in complete darkness. The
party was already over. They welcome SexySalvadorena back and hop in their black
SUV. As they drive off, SexySalvadorena is all over the window, throwing kisses at
me like a six-year old. I think her friends were a little mad, but hey, I was horny. The
world is a better place when I get laid.
Reggie the Breaker of Hearts and Friendships.
And there I am, left alone in the middle of El Tunco, with a big exultant smile of
jubilation on my face. Not because I fucked another hot girl, but because I went to a
club — all by myself, feeling low — and ended up banging the sexiest girl in less
than two hours. I then have an epiphany. I’ve had it backwards all these years:
You shouldn’t wait to feel good to go out. You should go out to make yourself feel
good.
The next morning, I see my Dutch neighbor, a good looking girl in her own right, and
she looks at me with a naughty smile. I’m confused. I ask her:
“What?”
“You made a LOT of noise last night!”
Ha! I completely forgot! The thin wall that separates my room from hers is the very
same wall SexySalvadorena was rhythmically smacking against as I banged her
from behind. I smile and say:
“Hope you enjoyed it as much as I did.”
Later, I tell this story to Moti, an Israeli surfing in El Tunco. And for the rest of the
week, he keeps saying to me:
34Destination Poon
“I LOVE YOU BEBE, YOU ARE PERFECT FOR ME!”
