Broken Heart, Broken Car
Life is nothing but a competition to be the criminal rather than the victim. (Bertrand
Russell)
Did you know that unless married, girls in Israel must serve in the army too? The
next story happened many years ago on a small military base next to the
Mediterranean. It’s the base where I served for the last half of my service, and there
was one particular girl I had a very strong connection with. We’ll call her Soulmate.
She was a beautiful nineteen-year old chick of Jewish-European heritage. Her good
DNA was expressed in her milky skin and glowing, feminine eyes that radiated so
much goodness you could instantly tell she was marriage material. She was a
symbol of empathy and care, of why I love women so much.
In the spring, we’d sit outside on the green grass and enjoy the salty, fresh breeze
coming from the sea. I was extremely ripped back then, and she loved it when I
carried her on my shoulders. One day, I heard her screaming inside a metal
container where the door was stuck. It was a hot Middle Eastern day, and I was
afraid she’d get cooked by the heat inside, so I immediately grabbed a heavy metal
pole and gave away my sweat, soul, and glycogen stores for fifteen minutes until I
broke the hinges and set my Jewish princess free. Beautiful times.
There was only one problem. She had a boyfriend. And I was so young and
inexperienced I thought girls with boyfriends were off-limits. Little did I know of the
voracious sexual nature of the human female. I later had my own girlfriend too for a
few years. So there was always this feeling there that we’d probably end up together
one day, just not now. Pure, innocent little Reggie.
Like in most girly offices in the army, Soulmate had a collection of photos of her
whole extended family and best friends hanging on the wall. One of her friends was
especially to my taste. In fact, she was exactly to my taste. It was like love at first
sight via ink and paper. Petite, pretty, and with a massive pair of boobs, she was like
48Destination Poon
a tiny sex toy put together to fit my perfect ideal. And when I first saw her photo, I
could only respond in one way:
“WHO’S THIS GIRL?”
Soulmate responds with jealousy, as if the thought of me going after SexyBoobs is
threatening to her:
“Ahhhhh! Why do you think she’ll even look at you?”
What a mistake. I’m like a Pitbull: Once you throw a challenge at me, my jaws lock
on the target and the only way to release it is to shoot me.
More than a year later, when we’re no longer in the army, Soulmate must have
forgotten about this little banter of ours. Guess what? She brings SexyBoobs to my
birthday party. Every year for the last decade, I’ve had a birthday party with about a
hundred guests. Here in Israel, we tend to have a lot of friendships, perhaps
because of the military service, perhaps because of the inter-connected nature of the
Jewish culture. And I love birthday parties. You are the center of attention, your
social value rises dramatically, and you’re injected with the kind of confident, alluring
Birthday Aura that makes you completely carefree and indifferent to consequences.
Translation: SexyBoobs is about to be mine.
An hour into the party, I see Soulmate and SexyBoobs next to each other by the bar.
Fueled by a glass of Goldstar beer, I approach SexyBoobs from behind and suckle
her neck, giving her a stimulating vacuum feeling that makes her reflexively squirm in
her seat. Entranced in erogenous pheromones, she looks as if she just had an
orgasm.
“Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!”
I smile. We begin to talk but I can’t remember what I said. Not that it matters,
because I was in such a good mood I could talk about anything and she’d like me.
49Destination Poon
Never forget that, brothers: A confident man talking about his support for whale
abuse is more attractive to girls than a boring nice guy talking about his law degree.
The next day, I log in to my Facebook and see a message from SexyBoobs.
“Had a lot of fun yesterday!”
I respond:
“Be ready in two hours.”
“Where do we go to?”
“Does it matter?”
“I guess not...”
A few hours later, we hang out at a quiet bar in my city. The only thing I remember
her saying that night is:
“I was surprised I didn’t slap you yesterday when you suckled my neck. That’s how I
knew I wanted to see you.”
When we’re done, we make our way to my car. I reward SexyBoobs with a long kiss.
I drive her back to her parents’ house, because here in Israel life is different and we
usually live with our parents till our mid-twenties. When we’re there, we kiss again
and she reaches for the car door. I am horny, so I yank her toward me and we make
out for ten minutes. But she keeps pushing my hands away whenever I reach for the
forbidden zone. Like most Israeli girls, SexyBoobs has a strong sense of self-respect
and discipline. She manages to fight her passions and gets out of the car before
things escalate. Smart move, SexyBoobs. This instantly made me respect you even
more.
50Destination Poon
Two days later, she sends me another message:
“Wolverine is playing at the cinema, wanna go watch it?”
We go. It’s a good movie, but I find it difficult to focus. The whole time, I have my
right hand underneath her shirt, fondling her right boob. But she just won’t let me go
further. She won’t let me go in her panties. She doesn’t have daddy issues. So this
night turns out dry as well.
The next day, we meet again. We’re in her parents’ home, rubbing against each
other. I have the strongest boner I’ve ever had. This time I’m fingering her, but
SexyBoobs still won’t let me go any further. Unless, I agree to have an HIV test so
we can go raw. She wants our first time to be speciaaaaaaaal. She wants to
experience the true power of Reggie’s weapon. But knowing my nature, she wants to
be sure I’m HIV-free. I support the cause, because why would I want to diminish my
pleasure with a sickly piece of latex around my cock?
Fuck it, I’m taking the test.
The next day, I go to some anonymous lab in Israel where they don’t ask your name
and just give you a number that they attach to your blood test. You’re supposed to
call two days later and get your results. The funny part? It was a weekend so we had
to wait four days, and it seemed harder for SexyBoobs than it was for me. We’d meet
every day and she’d rub herself against my cock like a grizzly bear against a tree,
but not further. It was like trying to fast next to a chocolate cake. But her discipline
prevailed.
When this weekend ends, SexyBoobs literally calls the clinic every two hours. It was
HILARIOUS. When we finally got the green light to rumble, she calls me:
“Good news! I talked to them ten minutes ago and you’re HIV free!”
“This house is clean, baby.”
51Destination Poon
“So... are you coming now?”
FUCK YES.
I get to her house in less than an hour. She’s the only one home, so right when she
opens the door, I throw her over my right fucking shoulder and carry her up the
wooden stairway that leads to her fancy bedroom. I feel like a Tanzanian hunter
carrying an antelope carcass back to camp.
Holding out for this moment made it much more explosive. Because that night, we
end up banging raw so many times. On the bed. Propped against the wall. Against
the window. Against everything. It was like a sex buffet: You’ve got to try everything!
You should have seen how she looked the following morning. When Soulmate saw
her, she immediately called me:
“OH MY GOD, WHAT DID YOU DO TO HER?”
To fully capture the richness of our sex, let me describe to you what her following day
was like:
She had deep, dark purple marks all across her throat, the marks you get when no
blood is drawn to the area for a while. It was a necklace of love bites. It was so bad it
had the same color, richness, and depth of a fat diabetic’s foot before it gets
amputated. It was so prominent and intense in color that when she went to study that
day, she wore two scarves pulled up to her chin as she darted between classes.
What can I say? When you withhold sex from me because of an HIV test, expect
nothing less.
Reggie the Violent Casanova.
Two days later, too much Splinter Cell video gaming and a spirit of pranking inspire
me to go climb over her house’s gate, stealth my way across her yard, and surprise
52Destination Poon
her. I am cautious not to step on any dry leaves. I know she’s home alone, so I’m not
afraid of her father shooting me.
Their yard is right next to the living room, so I crouch and slowly approach the sliding
glass door separating them. When I’m finally there, I see the silhouette of her body
through the glass. She’s watching TV with her legs curled up on the sofa. She is too
calm. I decide to inject some Reggie magic by slamming the door hard, still crouched
so she doesn’t see me. She screams:
“OH MY GOD! WHO’S THERE?”
I remain silent and crouched. I allow the moment to stew and ripen with emotions.
Fifteen seconds later, I give another slam. She again screams:
“AAAAAAAAAHHHH! WHO’S THERE?”
I try hard to suppress my laughter, because I don’t want her to hear me. I then give
another slam. She screams again in terror and fear:
“OH MY GOD! OH MY GOD!!!”
I then stand up and erupt in laughter. SexyBoobs begins to laugh herself:
“OH MY GOD, YOU’RE CRAZY! YOU REALLY SCARED ME!”
She slides the door open and comes into my arms. After a few minutes, she asks:
“Are you hungry?”
“Always.”
She orders two Dominos pizzas — yes, we have Dominos in Israel — and brings a
bottle of red wine to the table. Like most Israeli girls, she knows that the way to a
53Destination Poon
man’s heart is through his stomach.
When we’re done with the pizza, I again grab SexyBoobs on my shoulders like a
caveman and climb the stairs. She loved when I did that. We had so much sex that
night I woke up the next day so hazy and jaded I could barely focus on my
psychometric simulation test. I needed to go through it to get into our best university.
But I couldn’t finish even half the questions in the time allotted for each chapter.
Wondering why I went to her home if I had a test early in the morning? No matter
what your responsibilities are, the vagina is always stronger.
I go back to her home after the test, and we again engage in raw sex. A surge of
fulfillment fills her spirit:
“I can’t believe the smartest man I’ve ever dated comes from Tirat Carmel.”
My city, Tirat Carmel, used to be known as the “Wild West of Israel”. Too much crime.
Too many drugs. Too many dumb people. SexyBoobs, on the other hand, comes
from the richest neighborhood in our area. So when she says that, I feel like a
French conqueror taking over Polynesia.
Also, she begins to compare me to her only two past boyfriends, one of them a
complete asshole, and the other an attentive, safer nice-guy who showered her with
compliments. She was confused about why she was attracted to the first one even
though she logically thought she wanted the nicer one. What can I say? A girl’s logic
and emotions can be so contradictory you might end up wondering if she has an evil
twin. SexyBoobs concludes that I am the perfect guy, because I “have the exciting
traits of the former with the good values of the other.”
Reggie the Good-Hearted Asshole. Reggie the Merger of Worlds.
Two days later, SexyBoobs comes to visit me at my parents’ home. To this day, my
mom still remembers how she “knocked on the door, said hello, and ran up directly to
your bed like a little mouse!” That day, because I had completely stopped studying
54Destination Poon
and going to classes, I devised a little game that would combine our sexual attraction
to each other with the responsibility of scoring high on my upcoming test.
What was the game? Simple. I stick my dick in her and let her ask me questions
from my psychometric notebook. Whenever I’m right, I win ten consecutive pumps.
But human nature is just too strong, and our game fails when three attempts and
thirty pumps later, we toss the notebook and bang for an hour.
When we’re done, we drive her dad’s hybrid car to get some pizza somewhere in my
Wild West town. That’s when Mother Fortuna decides to strike with a thunderclap. As
we arrive back to the car with the hot pizza, SexyBoobs starts the engine, steers to
the left, and begins to slowly exit the parking spot. And then it happens:
BAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAMMMMMMMMM!
OH. MY. GOD.
SexyBoobs lets out a loud scream and a vicious impact goes through our spines.
The cozy feeling of the little hybrid car is immediately replaced by a sense of
devastation. It all happens in a second, and we’re lucky we were wearing our seat
belts. The steaming pizza didn’t share our luck, and was thrown all over the interior.
We come out of the car, and it’s immediately clear to us:
This car is totaled.
What can I say? I’m a dangerous guy to love. SexyBoobs then loses it. Not in the
sense that she becomes verbally abusive, but more in the sense that she completely
tunes out. It’s hard to explain, but it’s like she was opting out emotionally because
she wasn’t mentally equipped to deal with the incident. Have you read The Hunger
Games? When Katniss’s mom becomes emotionally blank after her husband dies in
a mine explosion? That’s how SexyBoobs feels to me at that moment. Completely
out. The guy who hit us was some dumb dude from my city who was going way too
fast, listening to his music, smashing SexyBoob’s car completely. I tell him:
55Destination Poon
“ARE YOU FUCKING NUTS?”
“Ahhh... sorry, I didn’t notice you going out of the parking spot.”
“NO KIDDING!”
“What should I do?”
“Let me get your details and call her dad. That’s his car.”
Her dad comes in half an hour and deals with the whole thing.
Anyway, this whole fling of ours lasts for a little less than two weeks. What I didn’t tell
you is that it happened immediately after one of my temporary breakup fights with
my girlfriend. Two days after the car incident, I was having sex with SexyBoobs in
her home, and immediately after went to see my ex girlfriend again. We also ended
up having sex, and that got us back together.
The next day, I called SexyBoobs to tell her that our little relationship is over. Why?
Because I didn’t want to deal with the gnawing mental burden of cheating. Up until
then, I wasn’t technically cheating. But now that we’re back together, I want to stand
loyal to my virtues. And that sends SexyBoobs into a prolonged depression.
She calls and sends me messages every day for two weeks. She keeps calling and
talking to Soulmate about me. She does whatever she can to bring me back into her
arms. But I never really showed any sign of commitment. I still had a strong
emotional attachment to my girlfriend.
After a week, SexyBoobs blocks me from her Facebook, goes into rage mode, and
sends me a long email, saying she can’t believe how I played with her and how
psychopathic I am. Her email ends with this:
56Destination Poon
“All I got from you is a broken heart and a broken car.”
Reggie the Heartbreaker. Reggie the Car Breaker.
And what about my psychometric test? Those two weeks of wine, sex, absence from
classes, and deprivation of sleep caused my score to sink from 768 (out of 800) to
the final score, a hellacious 666, a symbolic reflection of my demonic lifestyle. That
did not bother me, because there are things more important in life than getting into
university. Like... sex with hot girls.
And do you really think life just continued peacefully? If you’ve been alive for more
than a few days on planet Earth, you should know that the nature of women is much
darker and more vengeful than this. Because both myself and Soulmate find
ourselves single a year later, and we naturally become romantically involved. How
did I not get caught in the friend zone all those years? When your life is attractive
and when you carry yourself with charm and confidence, there is no such thing as
the friend zone. Kissing Soulmate for the first time was such a unique experience, it’s
the only kiss that ever made me feel something stir deep inside.
FUCK, DID I JUST SAY THAT?
This new enhanced relationship was very hard for Soulmate, because she had to
fight the internal conflict of confronting her core values. Don’t forget — I fucked and
dumped one of her best friends. Eventually, our relationship was over when I got this
message from her:
“Did you really tell her that I am stupid?”
Turns out, jealousy was too much for SexyBoobs. She caused a bunch of drama
behind the scenes and did whatever she could to taper off our relationship. “Girls
don’t need to be a genius to be attractive. Look at Soulmate, she isn’t Einstein, but
she’s amazing” was reframed into “Reggie said you’re stupid.” I was too young and
inexperienced to stay non-reactive to that, and Soulmate and me ended up taking
57Destination Poon
some distance from each other for a year. I guess sometimes, you just have to admit
defeat. SexyBoobs, you win.
But hey, just remember who fucked who.
