The only Zen you find on the tops of mountains is the Zen you bring up there. (Zen
and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance)
Israel is one fascinating land.
Soon after the Nazi holocaust, Jews from everywhere migrated to our new country
so that they could live in peace. Germans, Turkish, Persians, Moroccans,
Argentinians, Russians, Ethiopians, Lebanese, Tunisians, Moldavians, Romanians,
French, Burmese, Hungarians, Polish, Egyptians... we have them all. But one group
is my favorite:
Ukrainians.
What do I like about them? UKRAINIAN GIRLS.
They’re as intelligent as the Russians, look just as amazing as the Russians, speak
with the same Russian accent, and dress just as promiscuously as the Russians.
But... they don’t like to be called Russians. Like a troubled little child with a twin.
So when I received an unexpected Facebook message from this Ukrainian girl (her
Facebook said “born in Kiev”) who lives in my city, I knew I was in for some joyful
times. This is what her message said:
“I love what you’re writing about science. It’s so fascinating. Men are so boring today
that it’s rare to see someone talking about this stuff.”
She looks amazing in the photo, so I’m in:
“Less words, more actions: here’s my number.”
She calls. Literally within a MINUTE.
59Destination Poon
I pick up the phone, and a seductively submissive voice greets me. I invite her to go
out that very same evening, so later, I drive to her place to pick her up. Waiting in the
parking lot, I soon see a tall, thin silhouette approaching in between the shadows of
parked cars. It’s her. Now, she looked amazing on her Facebook photo, like most
Ukrainians do, but once I get to fully capture her real-life beauty, once she’s a few
steps away from my car...
MY JAW DROPS.
This girl is ethereal, otherworldly almost. Possessing a pair of long, thin, perfect legs,
she wears tight, black leather leggings and sashays along with the elegant,
seductive walk of a succubus. Supercharged by a pair of high heels, her hourglass
shape is enchanting. She has this beautiful, catty look that I can only describe as
Angelina Jolie in her early Tomb Raider movies. On a scale of 1 to 10, this girl is a
solid 10. Perfection.
When she gets into my car, I surprisingly discover a shy, nineteen-year old chick with
a submissive aura about her. She tells me she’s an aspiring model and actor working
for one of the biggest agencies in Israel. So like all girls who dress too skimpily and
follow a career of whoring for attention, I assume she has a lot of emotional issues.
That night, we end up chilling at a nice bar on the beach. I order a glass of beer, she
orders an iced lemon-mint shake. For the first two hours, I’m on the perfect date: I
talk as much as I want, and she looks at me with Bambi eyes full of admiration. Fun
soon begins.
Because next thing you know, I yank UkranianModel to sit on my lap as I spread my
legs like a Saudi sheikh. We talk for a while and then take it to the beach. She gets a
lot of pleasure from showing an interest in astrobiology. It’s as if she’s so insecure
about being constantly judged by her beauty that she wants something else, more
lasting, more substantial to feed her self-esteem:
60Destination Poon
“I work as a bartender and hate all these guys who come to my bar, drink, and hit on
me just because I have a pretty ass. When I talk to you... I feel like there’s more, like
you actually care about my brains.”
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA! Of course I am, sweetie, of course I am.
Concealed ovulation should be our first clue that women are natural masters of the
art of self-deception.
Obviously, I play her game. For the next hour or so, I don’t bring up the subject of her
looks and disregard it completely when she talks about her modeling career — while
at the same time reinforcing any philosophical view she holds on life. She’s in love:
“God, you’re so different!”
I guess it’s time to kiss.
“Have you smoked earlier?”
“I stopped when I was sixteen.”
What the fuck does that mean? Were she smoking when she was thirteen or what?
Whatever. I lean in. Our lips meet. She’s a good kisser. After an hour, I drive her
back home and learn that she doesn’t have a driver’s license yet. I decide to be her
teacher:
“Don’t worry, Soviet lady. Come here.”
She is young, innocent, and worried:
“What? What do you mean come here? We’re in the middle of the road!”
I yank her from her seat and place her on my dick. Devious, sneaky little Reggie. I
drive all around her neighborhood for five minutes and let her hold the steering wheel
61Destination Poon
while I enjoy the gravitational pull of her body weight against my crotch. We go over
several speed bumps, and whenever we do, my dick gets stimulated as it rubs
against her tight, nineteen-year old ass. I feel like one of Pavlov’s dogs, conditioned
to anchor the sight of speed bumps with this wonderful following feeling. I love speed
bumps.
When we reach her house, I offer to come up. But she tells me that her grandma is
asleep and that she doesn’t want to wake her up. For some reason, perhaps cultural,
Soviets always have grandmas in their living room. She also says she has to wake in
three hours to go to university. Mother Fortuna isn’t on my side tonight. She kisses
me for five minutes and leaves.
At the time, I am busy getting rid of my belongings because I’m about to embark on
my first long journey abroad. So I forget to contact her. But two days later, I get the
following text message:
“I can’t believe I’m saying this... but I miss you. I never miss people.”
Alright, listen to me gentlemen: When a girl says she finds it hard to miss people,
expect a disaster. But she’s slutty and hot, so why would I care?
We meet at the same beach in Haifa again. I have extreme gratitude for this place
because it’s always been my primary arena for poons. Served me well over the
years. This time is no different, because UkrainianModel again sits on my lap within
less than two minutes. She doesn’t waste any precious time, whispering to me in the
most seductively soft voice I’ve ever heard:
“I want to be alone with you.”
Sure, why not? I take her out of the bar and let her walk a few steps ahead of me so
that I can dwell on the magnificence of her firm ass. We get in my car and I drive to a
remote, dark area of the beach where we can find some privacy. For the whole ride,
UkrainianModel rests her head on my shoulder. There’s a prolonged pregnant
62Destination Poon
silence during the ride. We both know what’s going to happen. No need for talk.
I stop the car somewhere on a patch of rough dirt because I don’t want the car to dig
into the sand. Happened to me before. It’s a completely dark area with only a bunch
of date trees swaying to the rhythm of the wind. I look at UkrainianModel and smile
naughtily. She looks back at me. She then drops the bomb:
“Uhh... it feels too cheap here.”
Damn. I forgot. Arabs often use this place to bring prostitutes. So what do I do?
Joseph Campbell the mythologist once said that what people seek isn’t a meaning
for life, but the experience of being alive. And since a lack of vision was never a
problem for me, a lightbulb goes off and a stroke of Reggie Genius hits me. I decide
to give UkrainianModel the experience of being alive:
“You know what... close your eyes and let me surprise you.”
I then reach down to the dark area below the glove compartment and begin to riffle
through it. I reach for the first piece of clothing I can find. It’s an oily, dirty, disgusting
piece of flannel. It’s my dad’s car and he probably uses the rag to oil off the engine or
something. It’s the same kind of cloth we used in the military to wipe grease off our
weapons. But her eyes are still closed, so why the fuck not?
I wrap the greasy cloth around her eyes, trying to tie it as high as I can so that
there’s as much distance as possible between the flannel and her nostrils.
“Don’t worry, it’s only for five minutes.”
“Uhh... ok.”
I then drive back to my grandpa’s place, because it’s more comfortable than my
parent’s. It’s not like America or Europe here. In traditional Israeli families, kids grow
up very close to their grandparents and the rest of their extended family. I’m talking
63Destination Poon
about daily contact. And I personally grew up so emotionally connected to their home
that it feels exactly like my own home. So earlier, I called my grandfather and told
him to leave one of the rooms outside open. He always cooperated with my mischief,
and he was proud when I told him it was a Ukrainian model. When he was alive, I
used to spend hours a day with him when I wasn’t traveling. I loved that man.
When we reach his house, I welcome UkrainianModel to “Mansion Elya.” Still with
the dirty piece of flannel around her face, I lead her by the hand to one of the rooms
outside. The door is ajar, and I slowly open it without making too much noise. Once
we’re inside, a rapid surge of energy takes over my mind and I shove
UkrainianModel onto the bed. She curls her legs upwards and looks at me with eyes
on fire. The seductive expression on her face invites me to penetrate every one of
her holes and father her children. I feel like a porn star.
Count exactly three seconds, and I’m already on top of her. She seems to have
some control issues and immediately tries to wrestle me and feel dominant. I, of
course, welcome that because it means less work on my part and more time to enjoy
the view. So I rest on my back, cross my arms behind my head, and let her impale
herself on my dick and ride for ten minutes. She makes the sound of a female hyena
during mating season. I am happy.
We both finish after a while, or perhaps it is only me — makes no difference — and
that is the defining moment of this relationship. Because in a swift move that makes
UkrainianModel feel more like a hockey player rather than a model, she forcefully
pushes herself out of my arms and moves to the corner of the bed, curled up:
“I need some space.”
What the fuck?
Count exactly ten seconds, and she changes her mind:
“But you can rape me if you want.”
64Destination Poon
Someone in this room... has daddy issues. And it’s not me. I immediately assault
her, and we end up having another hour of rough sex. This time I control her,
because it was obvious that the whole wrestling thing earlier was just her way to feel
dominated. When we’re done, she says:
“Can you order a taxi for me?”
I swear to God, or Darwin, or whoever you believe in: At that specific moment, I was
seriously beginning to wonder if I had just fucked a professional hooker. This all
happened before I had a business and I was poor as fuck. I had saved every penny
for my first long trip abroad, so I drove her home instead.
Reggie the Frugal Jew.
The last time I hear from her is a few days later, when I have my legendary birthday
party which I combine with a goodbye party, since I’m leaving to the airport later that
very same day. UkrainianModel calls to say that:
“I want you to know that you’re one of the most amazing persons I’ve ever met. Hope
you enjoy your trip!”
“Just come to the party and say goodbye.”
She says, and I quote:
“I really don’t feel comfortable being around people.”
Whatever. I later go to the airport and ask one of the agents to give me the first ticket
abroad. Fuck it, the whole world needs to be explored, so why not leave it up to
Mother Fortuna. I end up in Thailand, and that kick starts one of my most
transformational periods in life — my six months in Asia. But it’s also when
UkrainianModel goes nuts.
65Destination Poon
During the first three months of my trip, she constantly sends me insanely long,
tedious messages on Facebook. The ones you have no energy to read so you delay
the inevitable and answer after two weeks just so you don’t insult the person. In her
messages, UkrainianModel tells me how she’s afraid to get older, and how she’s
afraid to lose her beauty and have young girls like her current-self seduce her
husband.
Projection? Fear of abandonment? The signs are all there, this girl is the classic
borderline. It’s also amazing: No matter how attractive the girl, she’s always
concerned about her looks. I respond:
“Father Time is unforgiving to all of us.”
She then begins to talk all about her goals and seems to see me as some kind of a
mentor. I feel like a cheap guru when I write back to her:
“What would you do if you knew you’re going to die next year? Go and do that. We’re
already dying. Every second brings us all closer to the grave. Might as well have the
best ride while we’re here.”
But that’s not enough for her. The hole in her soul is impossible to fill. The well has
an empty bottom. She keeps bombarding me with so many long, tiresome, sad
messages that at one point I just can’t handle the volume and darkness anymore. It
drains too much life away from me. So I respond accordingly:
“Listen, you need psychological help. And I can’t provide that.”
She blocks me from Facebook.
OH, FREEDOM! FREEDOM AT LAST!
Two months later, she again adds me on Facebook. I thought, maybe she had
66Destination Poon
calmed down. Two days later, she again deletes me. I am mindfucked. Is this reality
or a dream? Do people like her really exist? These are the kinds of questions I have
to face every week. And it’s usually when I stop and reflect. What wrong decisions
had I made that have brought this girl into my life? Answer:
She’s hot.
Was it worth the headache? Of course it was. These kinds of batshit basketcases
give you the highest sexual return on investment of your time. They take
considerably less effort to fuck, because they do only what comes natural: Act like
sluts and fuck. They’re also so experienced that sex with them is like a rollercoaster
ride. But if you want a healthy, stable, loving relationship, stay away from them like
the plague.
This story ends with a few interesting incidents.
When I come back from Asia, I discover that UkrainianModel tried to get back at me
by inviting one of my best friends, Ore, out for a date. He didn’t know about our little
story, so he went. He told me that for the whole date, she kept talking about me,
saying how evil I am and how I insulted her.
Two weeks later, I go to meet one of my best army friends, Nissan, a sexy cad in his
own right. When I tell him the story of UkrainianModel, it takes him less than two
minutes to connect the dots of her first name, amazing looks, and the fact that she’s
a young actress from Haifa. He immediately erupts in his typical playful excitement:
“FUCK YOU!”
He then rushes to his media streamer and loads a chapter from a show here in
Israel. He fasts forward to the end:
“YOU WANNA TELL ME YOU FUCKED... HER?”
67Destination Poon
Holy fuck. Nissan’s right. That sharp motherfucker.
Right on the monitor, I see UkrainianModel in a scene where she goes topless for a
glimpse of a second. Apparently, she was a part of a popular show, but I had no idea
because I don’t even own a TV. I can only bless the world for this ignorance cause
otherwise I’d probably project more excitement and neediness toward her.
And the truly funny thing happens many years later, when I’m in El Salvador. I tell
this story to a surfer from Haifa, because he’s exactly her age. His response:
“HOLY SHIT! We were together in school and every morning I’d show up with a hot
cup of chocolate milk and she’d suck my dick in the toilet while I was drinking it.”
UkrainianModel, before complaining that men see you as an object for sexual
gratification, perhaps you should first stop treating yourself like one. Forget about
feminists’ dark sorcery of ignoring reality and let me tell you a little secret:
Men will treat you the way you allow them to treat you. Let them use you, and they
will. Draw boundaries and respect yourself, and you’ll get respect in return. Every
healthy man eventually aspires to marry and take home to Mama the girl with the
pearly white dress. Sluts are for pleasure only.
