The Future Belongs to Those Who
Challenge the Present
Those who visit foreign nations, but associate only with their own countrymen,
change their climate, but not their customs. They see new meridians, but the same
men; and with heads as empty as their pockets, return home with traveled bodies,
but untraveled minds. (Charles Caleb Colton)
It’s a popular thing in the West to think that money is evil and that you’re “better off
poor and happy than rich and sad!” But once you visit an unfortunate land, like
Cambodia, for the first time, you really begin to doubt those new-age mentalities.
Yes, while money alone certainly isn’t enough to make you happy, a lack of money
and resources can make your life absolutely miserable.
I visited Cambodia in 2011 on a journey to locate the origins of Thai boxing. Why
Cambodia? Because I was told modern Thai boxing is actually a small part of a
whole underlying system of Cambodian martial arts. And though I did get to see
some brutal fighters in action, something else turned out to be the highlight of this
journey.
In my first week in Cambodia, I rent a motorbike and drive to see some remote
Buddhist temples. I let two German hippy girls sit tightly behind me because I want to
fuck one of them. Although she possesses a very annoying, defined lisp, she’s quite
hot. We reach the temples after an hour and get inside, where we discover plenty of
rubble, ancient artsy sculptures, and fearsome monkeys with fangs as sharp as
knives. Nothing too special for Asian temples. The turning point happens when we
make our way out, a few hours later, and a prolonged high-pitched voice pierces our
eardrums. It’s instantly clear what it is:
A baby’s cry.
At first I figure it’s just, you know, a baby crying. But when it seems to last for more
69Destination Poon
than a few minutes, I begin to worry. This doesn’t sound good at all, even to
someone as carefree as myself. I walk in the direction of the cry, and a few minutes
later, I reach it. The next scene is almost unbelievable. This is what I see:
70Destination Poon
71Destination Poon
No shirt. No shoes. Sitting in a scattered pile of dirt and rice. Look at his face. Do you
see what I see? Trouble. Pain. Confusion. Emotional trauma. This cruel world is too
much for this little buddy. And there’s absolutely no one around. Nothing around
really, except for the temples, trees, and a bunch of “WARNING: MINES” signs. This
baby must be abandoned.
Now, what do I do? What would you do? Would you just walk away? Would you stay
and wait? Would you take him with you? For the next fifteen minutes, I try to think of
a solution. I expect the two German girls to use their maternal instincts and help me
calm this crying baby down, but they do nothing. HotHippy begins to lisp:
“Let’th leave, Reggie, it’th getting too late and there’th nothing we can do.”
This shocks me. These two German cunts are so devoid of empathy — of a soul —
that if you sent them back a few thousand years in a time machine, nobody would
recognize them as part of our species. People think poverty is only being hungry and
homeless, but the poverty in the hearts of some people is just as bad. I tell the girls:
“You can leave if you want, but I’m staying here. I can’t just leave this baby like this.
Oh, and the motorbike stays with me.”
They try to talk me out of it, but I remain stubborn. I take advice only from humans.
Now, what do I do with this baby? How the fuck do I calm him down and stop this
piercing cry? I begin to caress his hair and play with him:
“LOOOOOOOK AT THE TEMPLEEEE!! YOU CUTE LITTLE THING, LOOOOOK AT
THAT TEMPLLLLLLE!”
I do that for the next half an hour, and he does seem to relax after a while. And the
whole time, the two German hippy girls are standing there like two sore thumbs.
Completely helpless. Completely disconnected from their nature. My grandma
Evonne would say they have no purpose in this world.
72Destination Poon
After half an hour, it starts to get dark. This isn’t good, because it means we’re going
to drive back on the motorbike in complete darkness, which is never good. I begin to
think of taking the baby along with us on the bike, but I don’t want to drive with two
women and a baby behind me. I’m not Pakistani.
Fifteen minutes later, salvation seems to be at hand when a motorbike storms in
from nowhere. The driver drops a slutty local woman, who... approaches the baby
and grabs him! I swear to God, she grabs him like an object, not showing even the
slightest sense of care. Is this baby the son of a prostitute? I immediately unleash
myself on her, but she speaks zero English, and my words are rendered useless. I
hop on the bike and drive till I find a local cop, telling him what happened. He says
he’ll take care of it, but I doubt he ever did anything. This was all shocking to me,
because I come from a nation where human life is sacred, and I’ve never seen a
mom so malicious to her child.
It soon becomes completely dark. Like in most countryside areas in Cambodia, there
are absolutely no lampposts, and it’s only the moon that acts as a source of light.
There’s another problem:
OUR MOTORCYCLE HEADLIGHTS STOP WORKING.
No matter how hard I try to fix them, they just won’t work. I make a mental note to
never again rent old, rusty bikes for $5 a day. The German girls begin to freak out,
but I calm them down:
“There’s no reason to freak out. With or without lights, your souls are dark anyway.”
So, what did we eventually do? I’m still not sure how I managed to pull it off, but I
drove the whole way back — more than two hours, because I went slowly — with a
tiny Fenix flashlight held between my teeth. It projected a narrow but powerful light
that allowed me to see just a little bit ahead. And sometimes a little is all you need.
73Destination Poon
The next day, I speak to everyone I can, trying to find an organization to take care of
the baby. Mr. Happy, one of the local employees where I’m staying, tells me:
“Brother Reggie, Cambodia is full of babies like that. If you really want to help, I can
take you to the poorest area of the city.”
Fast forward two hours.
I’m in a golden pagoda, drinking cold tea with a Buddhist monk who’s Mr. Happy’s
father. He lends us two bicycles that we use to reach what I believe to be the shittiest
shithole my eyes have ever witnessed. It’s a muddy village with hundreds of people
who all live in small huts made of tin, cardboard, and random objects. Nobody has
running water to drink or shower with, so they all just collect rain, or fetch water from
a muddy river nearby.
Mr. Happy invites me for lunch in one of the tin houses. Two minutes later, I climb a
wooden ladder and find myself welcomed by a family who offers me a small bowl of
rice and catfish. They may be poor, but their hearts are a million times richer than
those of the two German hippy bitches. I stay there for a few hours, and soon some
emotional rapport is built. The family’s mom asks me if I want to marry their sexy,
twenty-year old Apsara dancer daughter. I respectfully decline the offer. Soon, Mr.
Happy tells me that their little girl can’t go to school because it’s miles away, and
because she doesn’t have the required uniform. He tells me that every kid in this
village — more than a hundred — is in a similar situation. So I decide to do
something about it.
I take a photo of this little girl with the flag of Israel drawn on her hand:
74Destination Poon
Nothing would touch Israeli hearts more than the misfortune of a poor child. That
night, when I return to my place and have internet access, I post the photo on
Facebook along with a message that informs my Israeli peers of the lack of hygiene,
water, education, and the overall poverty in this village. I tell them that their houses
are made of tin. That the little girl in the photo dreams of going to school but needs
money for a uniform, a bicycle, and for the monthly fees. And that over a hundred of
her friends have the same situation. I tell them that every dollar counts, because the
exchange rate is unbelievably in our favor. I tell them that the cost of a single serving
of Falafel in Israel can sustain a family here for one or two days. My message ends
like this:
“Let’s show them that somewhere in the Middle East, there’s a country, people...
who care.”
So, what do you think happened? Did anyone listen? Did people really give a shit?
Lo and behold: The response was spectacular. My family donated money. My friends
donated money. Strangers donated money. Within ten days, we managed to collect
enough money to buy every kid in the village the clothes and supplies they needed
to be able to go to school. We bought bicycles too. It was small money to us, but a
big difference to them.
75Destination Poon
I learned some important lessons during this little fundraising experience:
I learned that the personal connection to the fundraiser is more important to people
than the actual cause. I learned that people want to feel like they have a tangible,
measurable impact when they help. They want to feel that they’re making a
difference. And that everybody wants to feel a sense of belonging to something
bigger than themselves.
Even German girls.
No, I’m not talking about the two hippies. Fuck them. I’m talking about the least
expected donation I received:
The day before I buy all the supplies for the kids, I chill out on the porch of my
guesthouse and enjoy a cold glass of Angkor beer with six European travelers. It’s
76Destination Poon
late at night, and we’re all celebrating this great thing called life. At one point, a blond
German girl joins us. She looks unhappy. Also, I haven’t had sex for two weeks, and
sperm is starting to come out through my eyes, so I decide it’s time for some pussy
mining:
“You look exhausted.”
“I’ve had a long day...”
“Is that the only long thing you’ve had?”
“I broke up with my boyfriend this morning...”
JACKPOT! What we’ve got here... is... a wounded zebra, the easiest species to
hunt for poon archers on the prowl. There’s one problem though: She’s so dispirited
she leaves to go to sleep within less than three minutes. But I am horny — and my
balls are full, and are obviously more important — so I decide to test my seductive
prowess and try something I have never done before:
Instant sex with a girl I’ve only known for a couple of minutes.
You see, it usually takes anywhere from a few hours (demon sluts) to a few days
(lesser sluts) to a few weeks (good traditional girls) to a few months or years (drum-
tight religious virgins). But can sex be the result of a three-minute conversation? I
don’t know, but I’m about to find out.
I wait twenty minutes for everyone to leave the porch because WoundedZebra’s
room is right next to it. I know she’d never do it if she knew everyone was looking.
When they leave, I quickly walk to her door and...
FUCK.
I freeze in place, infused with a feeling I don’t often feel so intensely. It’s this fear
77Destination Poon
of... rejection. Hey, fuck you, I’m not the Dalai Lama. But remember, Reggie:
Boldness is always better than the alternative. The future belongs to those who
challenge the present. Alright, alright! I swallow the frog and force myself to knock on
the damn door. She yells from the inside:
“WHO IS IT?”
“Open the door.”
Through the darkness of her window, I then see a silhouette rising above the bed.
Count a few seconds, and the door is opened. I immediately assault her face without
saying a word, pushing WoundedZebra against the wall as I shove my tongue in her
mouth. It was a high-risk, high-reward move. Either I get hot sex with zero
investment, or I get slapped hard and thrown out in shame. But she complies. The
visceral temptation for Reggie is irresistible. A few minutes later, I am already inside
of her. The land of poon is mine tonight. She moans heavily and deeply when I
release my golden seed in her garden. German girls aren’t that bad, after all.
But here’s the funny thing.
The next morning, I wake up next to an empty bed. Instead of WoundedZebra, I find
a bunch of wrinkled bills all wrapped in a yellow rubber band. I count them to be a
little more than $40. Next to the money, there’s a white piece of paper that says:
“I never gave so much money to a stranger, but for some reason I trust you and
know you’ll use it for good things.”
HOW DID SHE KNOW ABOUT THIS?
I have no idea. But I must have mumbled something about the fundraiser in my
dazed, post-coital stupor last night. Know that state before you fall asleep with
someone, when you’re so semiconscious and dazed you can’t even remember what
you talked about? This must be it. Because I can’t think of any other way for her to
78Destination Poon
know. I only talked to her for three minutes, and it was so dark and late I can’t
remember anything, not even how she looked. I’d never recognize her now. One
thing I now know for sure:
Waking up in an empty bed next to a pile of cash from a girl you just slept with has a
strange way of making you feel cheap, used almost. Damn, IS THAT HOW
HOOKERS FEEL? WoundedZebra, if you ever read this, know that thanks to you, a
poor Cambodian kid can now ride to school on a bicycle. Hope you enjoyed my cock.
P.S. Over the following years, I try to pull off the same door-knocking trick on two
other occasions. Once with an exotic South African-Indian hybrid, and once with a
feminine Japanese girl. Both attempts fail spectacularly.
