The Virgin Island
What men desire is a virgin who is a whore. (Edward Dahlbert)
Imagine yourself stuck on a ridiculously tiny island of about fifteen people, among
them not one, not two — but more than half a dozen virgins. Seriously, put the book
down and immerse your mind in the thought of this happening. How would you act?
How many virgins would you attempt to defile? How many dirty fantasies would you
try to bring to life?
This exact scenario happened to me on a very remote, very tiny Caribbean island in
Panama. In fact, the island is so tiny you can walk all the way around it in less than
five minutes. And so it can only accommodate a small group of people at a time.
I reach this island by sailing on a small green canoe. It’s a beautiful area, and when I
step my feet on the sand for the first time, I am astonished. The sky is azure blue
with snow white clouds, and there are a bunch of colorful birds, possibly parrots,
flying above us. I see many coconut trees all around, and I’m surrounded by waters
so turquoise I feel as if I am a part of a postcard. There are also a dozen straw
bungalows nestled on the beach. A short distance away, two Israeli girls play
basketball on the sand so intensely you could easily mistake them for LeBron James
and Steph Curry. One of them has big boobs so I immediately try to assert my
dominance:
“Give me one guess: Lesbians.”
They smile. The one with big boobs comes close to me:
“OH MY GOD, HOW DID YOU KNOW?”
I smile back.
“You’re what I call high-testosterone girls. Why do you think you two play basketball
110Destination Poon
so seriously?”
I get close to her friend and raise her shirt up, exposing her abdomen as I continue:
“See this waist-to-hip ratio? When it’s not shaped like an hourglass or a guitar, it’s
usually an indicator of a manly hormonal profile from birth.”
They’re both hooked now like addicts on heroin. Their eyes light up. Ha! Finally a
useful outlet for my biology knowledge. The one with big boobs goes nuts:
“OH MY GOD, TELL ME MORE!!”
“You are bi-sexual. Your waist-to-hips ratio is still feminine, and you’ve got big
boobs.”
Impressed and awed, she confirms my suspicions and looks in love with me. She
then throws the ball to me and we begin to play for a while. One thing leads to
another and her friend tells me that she has never had sex with a man before. Wait,
what?
YEAH BABY.
Nasty thoughts begin to run through my mind. How awesome would it be to be the
first for a men-virgin lesbian? But the thought leaves my mind as fast as it enters:
This girl isn’t as good looking as her friend, and no matter how impressive the
conquest, I don’t want to have memories of naked war pigs.
The real story begins the next day when a new batch of mostly Israeli travelers
approach the island on another boat. I immediately love what I see, because there
are only three men and more than ten women there. Happy Hunger Games Reggie!
And may the odds be ever in your favor.
I stand on the dock to welcome them. I am shirtless. I am tanned. I have sexy beard
111Destination Poon
stubble. And because I am on a higher platform, my crotch is pointed right in their
faces. The girls step off first and begin to ask me all kinds of questions. They think
that I’ve been here for ages, and I play the game. As always, pretend to be in control
and people will assume that you are:
“Oh my God, you’re so tan! How long have you been here?”
“Say hello to King Solomon and his island harem.”
“Where is the toilet?”
“You have to find old, open coconuts and shit inside.”
“Where do we sleep?”
“The right question to ask is: When do I get to sleep with you?”
THIS IS GOING TO TURN EPIC. I AM GOING TO RULE THIS ISLAND.
An hour later, we’re all in the water and I pick up a starfish to scare the girls. They all
run in terror but seem to love me for my playfulness. I immediately forgive them for
all their character flaws.
Evening comes and we all sit to eat. One of the girls is so skinny and so stupid I
figure her brain didn’t receive a constant stream of oxygen and nutrients so it failed
to develop properly. She’s so stupid she doesn’t even know she’s stupid. At that
point, the lesbians have left the island, but the people around the table seem to be
just as fascinated by my biology preachings. All except for this dumb, skinny girl:
“Can’t you talk about something more interesting?”
“Fine. Let’s talk about things your brain can comprehend...”
112Destination Poon
I smirk and raise a fork up in the air:
“FORKS.”
Everyone erupts in laughter. I LOVE THIS ISLAND.
Oh, you know how they call you to come eat on this island? With a massive conch
shell you can blow through. It makes the sound of a ram horn. The same sound as
the Shofar that Jews use in Passover. So that night, I convene a revengeful meeting
by waking up and corralling my friends Dor and Yftach. Revengeful, because the
sexiest girl in the island spilled beer on my belly earlier when I was tanning and I
have planned this payback the whole day. She’s a hot, twenty-year old Israeli with an
hourglass shape, goat-eyed feminine face, and fake breasts. She’s also
DumbSkinny’s soulmate from Israel.
So we crawl through the darkness, sneak in the main “office hut,” and commandeer
the shell. For the next hour, we search all around the island to find FakeBreasts. It
takes us an hour because it’s so pitch black we can’t see a damn thing. We just see
silhouettes in the huts, and we have to use our imaginations to understand who
specifically each girl is. I also run two pretests, because just like a trumpet, this shell
takes practice to get attuned to.
First, I go to the largest hut of the girls. FakeBreasts isn’t sleeping there, so it’s a
good place for practice. I blow the shell right outside as hard as I can:
“TTTTTTTTTTTTTTMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM!”
They all scream. We’re laughing so hard outside we can hardly breath. I give Dor the
trumpet and he waits five minutes before he does the same:
“TTTTTTTTTTTMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM!”
They all scream again:
113Destination Poon
“WHO IS THAT?”
“WHAT WAS THAT?”
“OH MY GOD!!!”
They now begin to blame one of the girls, but she says:
“I SWEAR IT’S NOT ME! IT MUST BE REGGIE!”
Our next test occurs five minutes later. We scuttle along the shore and find one of
the guys with a young, aspiring model from Israel. The moon illuminates them and
she rests her head on his shoulder right where the water hits the sand. I sneak up
behind them and blow as hard as I can:
“TTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM
M!”
IsraeliModel bursts out with a scream and we begin to LAUGH our asses off. THIS
SHELL IS AMAZING. WE ARE THE KINGS OF THIS ISLAND!
Right after this, we slowly, slowly sneak inside FakeBreasts’ hut. We only think that
it’s her, because it’s so dark we can’t see a damn thing except for a silhouette that
reassembles her body. I give Dor my smartphone and he begins to record. Yftach
and I slowly approach FakeBreasts, walking so slowly we’re like two Mossad agents
before eliminating a major terrorist leader. When we’re close, I know for sure it’s her.
Because DumbSkinny is right next to her, and we can’t mistake her thinness. And
also because FakeBreasts’ two silicon hills are too grandiose to misjudge. I step in
close, an inch away from her face, and blow the shell right next to her ear, as hard as
I can:
“TTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM
114Destination Poon
MMMMMM!”
She recoils in terror like a surprised cat, jumping up as she begins to scream:
“MOM! WHY ME????? WHY ME???????”
We erupt in intense laughter and run away from the hut. FakeBreasts and
DumbSkinny have their own little revenge the following morning when they wake me
up by spilling two bottles of cold water all over me. What can I say? Israeli girls
always have the final say.
That morning, we all find ourselves playing football on the sand. I very quickly end up
in the water with another Israeli girl straddled on me. She has the biggest natural
boobs I have ever seen in my entire life. I soon remove her panties in the water and
try to go inside. One problem:
IT DOESN’T GO IN.
It’s so tight her vagina must be more waterproof than a GoPro wrapped in a ziplock.
“FUCK! What’s up?”
She looks a little hesitant, but she still tells me:
“Don’t tell anyone...”
“WHAT? ARE YOU A MAN?”
“I’m a...”
“WHAT ARE YOU?”
“Virgin.”
115Destination Poon
WHAT? I never knew any secular girls in my country that stayed virgins into their
twenties. I then decide to try harder, sticking my dick as firmly as I can, but her poon
is just completely sealed. It’s like trying to penetrate the armor of an Israeli Merkava
tank. It’s doomed to failure.
Disappointed and surprised of her tightness, I leave the water soon with an
epiphany: Some of the other girls here must be virgins too! Because they’re all
twenty to twenty-two year old right after military service, and many of them come
from religious families. So I embark on a mission to find out.
I go to one very sexy religious girl with bright blue eyes and a pair of pointed boobs
so firm she’s as fresh as a girl gets. She has a magnificent hourglass shaped body
that screams youth and fertility. She also has a pure face, the one you can instantly
tell will be the face of a great mom one day. I take the direct route with her:
“ARE YOU A VIRGIN?”
She blushes and looks at the ground. She then nods and asks me not to tell anyone.
SHE IS A VIRGIN!
I then take one of the other girls outside the dining area:
“PLEASE TELL ME YOU’RE A VIRGIN!”
She nods shyly and tells me that she has never even had a boyfriend before, asking
me not to tell anyone. For some strange reason, girls in Israel are shy to admit
they’re virgins. YOU SHOULD BE FUCKING PROUD!
I speak to a few more girls and learn that a good number of them are still virgins.
OH. MY. GOD.
116Destination Poon
This island must be the purest place in the world right now. I then become obsessed
with the idea of teaching one of them how to give a proper blowjob with one of the
huts as my classroom. I immediately exclaim with great relish:
“THIS IS NOT PANAMA! THIS IS THE VIRGIN ISLAND!”
I say it out loud in front of everyone, so the girls look confused. They don’t know
what I know. All the virgins asked me not to tell anyone, and none of them seem to
know that their friends are virgins as well. So when I said it, you should have seen
their faces blushing. Each of them thought I was talking about her.
Night comes and they all sit around a table, socializing and drinking cheap rum. I
bring a bottle of red wine. It’s the only thing I usually drink. Very soon, a surge of
playfulness and wine coursing through my veins inspires me to go and take
TightPoon to one of the empty huts. She understands my intention well, and since
she’s full of grubby sand and sweat, she wants to take a shower first.
We go to the only bathroom on the island, which is basically a rusty shower next to a
toilet in a wooden structure. We wait outside for whoever the fuck is in there to be
done. IsraeliModel then comes to take a bath, standing right behind us and looking
arrogant. I ask her if she thinks she’s better than me. She raises her eyebrow. I want
to piss her off so she’d leave. I tell her that I know her breed well. She gets defensive
and leaves.
THE SHOWER IS OURS.
When the shower becomes available, TightPoon and I slip inside before anybody
notices. We turn on the water and she offers to give me a “butterfly.” But fuck, the
water is so cold — and you know how much I hate cold — that I recoil and refuse her
offer to put my dick between her breasts. The butterfly effect doesn’t work on me.
She wants me to stay and do “naughty things,” but I want to leave. It’s too fucking
cold. She then begs me to stay, because there are other girls waiting outside and
117Destination Poon
TightPoon doesn’t want to look like a slut. I think of a good solution: I sit on the toilet,
open the door, and tell everyone TightPoon had to let me in for an “emergency” when
she was showering. The girls are so disgusted they decide to skip the shower and
leave.
After the shower, we go back to the table of rum and red wine. TightPoon is next to
me, but fuck it, her poon is too tight. I approach SexyReligiousVirgin because her
guitar shape and blue eyes mesmerize me. I manage to fish her from the rest of the
group:
“You and I, we have a good click. You’re feeling it?”
“Yes.”
“Then follow me.”
We ramble through the darkness to the shoreline, eventually climbing onto one of the
boats. It’s pitch black and there are no artificial lights on the island. I feel like
Robinson Crusoe. Ten minutes later she says:
“I’ve never met someone so intriguing as you!”
Reggie the Vagician smiles and leans in for the kiss.
SexyReligiousVirgin turns her head slightly and begins to speak:
“I can’t... I dated someone for two weeks before coming here... It feels like
cheating.”
BITCH, PLEASE.
Instead of kissing SexyReligiousVirgin, I yank her bra below her boobs and begin to
fondle them. I also put her left hand on top of my cock. Her eyes light up in
118Destination Poon
excitement. This must be the first time she has ever touched a dick. And it doesn’t
feel like cheating for her. How can kissing be cheating but touching my dick and
having her boobs eaten not? Answer: Girl logic.
She calls me the “Rais of the Island.” Rais is a wealthy Arab ruler. Besides the Arab
part, I like this nickname. But did I bang her? You’d be surprised. Because right
there, on the boat, I feel like a moral Mother Teresa. This girl is so pure and
untouched that I don’t want to despoil her future. She comes from a place where
having your hymen torn can be the difference between marriage and solitude. So I
decide to foster rather than challenge her purity. I even hug her and tell her never to
let anyone fuck her without a promise of commitment. Ah, the irony.
Reggie the Moral Puritan. Reggie the Virginizer. Reggie the Well of Worldly Wisdom.
But I am still horny, so I go back to the table and take TightPoon to one of the nearby
huts. I’m “locking” the door by tying it with a piece of straw that I yank from its roof.
But why don’t I mind defiling TightPoon if she’s a virgin too? You see, she may have
been a virgin technically, but she also carried herself with the air of a future slut
discovering the world. So with wine singing in our blood, I try to stick my Shlomo in
her tight hole again. But it just refuses to enter. It’s like her pussy is Gandalf roaring
at me that I shall not pass. But fuck it. I love blowjobs more than sex anyway, so I
ask her to go down and work some magic. She does.
AND SHE IS CLEARLY NOT EXPERIENCED.
“Is it ok this way?”
“Do I use too much teeth?”
“Please teach me! I want to be good at sucking dicks!”
“Are you enjoying it?”
119Destination Poon
“Are you looking at me when I do it?”
“I’ve never done it before, please teach me how!”
I spend the next forty minutes teaching TightPoon how to give head. It takes a while
for me to reach the climatic point, because my veins and senses are still tainted by
the magic touch of red wine. She seems to get worried:
“TAP ME WHEN IT’S COMING OUT! I DON’T WANT IT IN MY MOUTH!”
I seem to forget about it almost instantly, because a minute later I unload every piece
of pressurized jism out of my pipes right into her mouth. She chokes for a moment
and lets a little yelp when the tartness hits her taste buds, and she then turns around
in a swift, reflexive move to spit it all out on the sand of the hut. It was hilarious.
Remember the scene in the first Spiderman when Peter Parker catches Mary Jane’s
lunch tray? That’s what she looked like. Excessive splooge still dripping off her chin,
she yells in a whisper:
“WHY DIDN’T YOU SAY ANYTHING?”
I smile. She smiles back and says it wasn’t that bad and actually tastes sweet. Must
be all the fruit. I also have a disturbing epiphany at that moment: Somewhere right
now, probably in Israel, there’s man who’s going to marry TightPoon one day. He’s
going to be so exhilarated when he breaks the glass in their Jewish wedding ritual,
happy that he landed such a beautiful virgin. But he’ll never know his wife tasted my
cum in Panama many years ago.
Eventually, we both drift off into sleep. The long day, the wine, and the sexual activity
were all too much, even for me. But in the middle of the night, I am awakened by
something deeper, by the intense and urgent need for a bowel movement. FUCK. All
the wine and pineapples and coconuts and seafood must have had a party in my gut,
and the next thing you know, I STORM outside — completely naked — with my ass
cheeks squeezed. But oh... CRAP!
120Destination Poon
WHERE’S THE TOILET?
It’s pitch black, completely dark outside. Remember, this island is completely isolated
from civilization and has no electricity whatsoever. Your day is organically organized
by the circadian rhythm, and I can’t see a damn thing in this darkness. Absolutely
nothing. Where the fuck is the toilet?
When it becomes clear to me that I’m not going to make it, I take a huge dump on
the sand next to a coconut tree right outside the hut where TightPoon is still asleep. I
cover my fresh feces with sand and feel like a Labrador. The moon seems to be
smiling at me. But now, another problem arises, something I haven’t carefully
considered...
HOW DO I CLEAN MY ASS?
Do I just go in the water and wipe it with my hands? I’m not Sri Lankan. I then
remember that there’s paper in the toilet. But how do I get there? I begin to walk all
over the island — still completely naked — with my hands forward like a mummy to
absorb any impact with a coconut tree before my skull does. I must look like a
somnambulant zombie. Eventually — don’t ask me how — I manage to find the
toilet. It takes me about five minutes, and I even manage to grab some paper without
touching anything disgusting. This toilet was a mess. I then begin to wipe my ass,
but fuck, the stimulus seems to send the wrong signal to my gut.
NOT AGAIN.
I squat down mid-air and shit diarrhea for ten minutes straight. I am in both shock
and disgust of how much shit can come out of me in such a short period of time. This
must have been the coconuts, because the guys in Belize warned me that too many
of them can give you some intense diarrhea. And on this island, I was munching on
them like Kurt Cobain on cocaine.
121Destination Poon
I wipe my ass again and shove everything in the toilet. It’s one of those third world
toilets that you need to flush manually with a bucket of water, so I try to look around
for one. But it’s so completely dark that I quickly give up this idea, hoping I didn’t shit
on the floor. I make my way back to the hut. But...
TightPoon is not there. Did the sand not mask the smell of my covered dump
properly? Did she have to escape for her life? Or maybe she woke up and found an
empty bed so she figured I just fucked and left? Whatever, it’s not like I’m horny
again and should actually care.
I go back to my own hut and discover Dor sleeping with one of the only non-Israelis
on the island, a Canadian girl with blond hair and freckles. She earlier told us that
“Dicks covered with condoms are like candies with the paper still on.” We even found
out that she had a boyfriend waiting for her in Panama City. Yes, her boyfriend came
all the way from Canada for her, and here she is fucking Dor. This disgusts me, so I
later offer to give the bitch a moral lesson and tell her boyfriend. Dor is a better
person than me and prefers not to get involved.
But the truly funniest moment comes the next morning, when the sun rises above the
ocean and the day has begun. I am exhausted, because at no point during the night
did I even remotely approach anything resembling a REM cycle. We’re all leaving in
two hours. The shell soon sounds, and we all go to sit down in the dining area and
eat the island’s disgusting breakfast. One of the girls storms in with a horrified look of
terror on her face:
“OH MY GOD! DID YOU GIRLS SEE THE TOILET???? ONE OF YOU IS THE
MOST DISGUSTING GIRL IN ISRAEL!!!!!!!”
They all start fighting between themselves, blaming each other.
“OH MY GOD YOU AREEE DISGUUUUUUUUUSTING DUMBSKINNY I KNOW IT
WAS YOU!”
122Destination Poon
“DON’T BLAME ME! YOU’RE JUST TRYING TO COVER YOUR SHIT BY BLAMING
OTHER PEOPLE!”
“I REMEMBER HOW YOU COMPLAINED THAT YOUR STOMACH HURT LAST
NIGHT! GO CLEAN IT UP, I WANTED TO TAKE A SHOWER BEFORE WE LEAVE!”
“ARE YOU SERIOUS? ITS WASN’T ME!”
“DON’T LIE! YOU WERE OUT OF THE HUT LAST NIGHT!”
“I ONLY WENT TO PEE!”
I’m sorry, this is too much. Instead of shutting the fuck up, I erupt. I laugh so much
and so hard, for more than ten minutes, that my lungs begin to hurt. And as I laugh,
they all suddenly stop arguing. All eyes are fixated on my huge, impish grin. There
are only two words I manage to mumble:
“Shit happens.”
Virgin Island Status: CONQUERED.
